<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Reference//EN" "dtd/ibm-reference.dtd">
<reference id="api-17.0--services-port_scans-port_scan_id-GET" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>GET /services/port_scans/{port_scan_id}</title>
<shortdesc>Retrieves the port scan status. The result is included if the port scan completes.</shortdesc>
<prolog>
<metadata>
<keywords>
<apiname>/services/port_scans/{port_scan_id}</apiname>
<keyword>GET</keyword>
<keyword>API</keyword>
<keyword>REST API</keyword>
</keywords>
</metadata>
</prolog>
<refbody>
<refsyn>
<p>Retrieves the port scan status.</p>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>GET /services/port_scans/{port_scan_id} resource details</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">GET /services/port_scans/{port_scan_id} resource details</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="1">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">MIME Type</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>application/json
</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>GET /services/port_scans/{port_scan_id} request parameter details</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">GET /services/port_scans/{port_scan_id} request parameter details</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="6">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col2" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col3" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col4" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col5" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col6" colwidth="2*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">Parameter</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Type</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Optionality</entry>
<entry colname="col4">Data Type</entry>
<entry colname="col5">MIME Type</entry>
<entry colname="col6">Description</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>port_scan_id</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>path</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Required</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>Number (Integer)</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>Required - The ID of the port scan to be retrieved.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>fields</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>query</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Optional</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>String</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>Optional - Use this parameter to specify which fields you would like to get back in the response. Fields that are not named are excluded. Specify subfields in brackets and multiple fields in the same object are separated by commas.</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>GET /services/port_scans/{port_scan_id} response codes</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">GET /services/port_scans/{port_scan_id} response codes</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="3">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col2" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col3" colwidth="3*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">HTTP Response Code</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Unique Code</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Description</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>200</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p/></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>The port scan status was retrieved.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>404</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>1002</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>The port scan sStatus does not exist.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>500</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>1020</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>An error occurred during the attempt to retrieve the port scan status.</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<title>Response Description</title>
<p>A port scan object and the location header set to the task status url "/services/port_scans/{port_scan_id}". A port scan status object contains the following fields:
 <ul>
 <li><b>id</b> - Long - The ID of the port scan.</li>
 <li><b>ip</b> - String - The IP to investigate.</li>
 <li><b>message</b> - String - The result of the port scan when complete.</li>
 <li><b>status</b> - String - The current state of the task.</li>
 </ul></p>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<title>Response Sample</title>
<codeblock>
{
    "id": 42,
    "ip": "String",
    "message": "String",
    "status": "String &lt;one of: CANCELLED, CANCELING, CANCEL_REQUESTED, COMPLETED, CONFLICT, EXCEPTION, INITIALIZING, INTERRUPTED, PAUSED, PROCESSING, QUEUED, RESUMING&gt;"
}
</codeblock>
</refsyn>
</refbody>
</reference>