<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Reference//EN" "dtd/ibm-reference.dtd">
<reference id="api-17.0--config-event_sources-log_source_management-log_source_groups-id-GET" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>GET /config/event_sources/log_source_management/log_source_groups/{id}</title>
<shortdesc>Retrieves a log source group by ID.</shortdesc>
<prolog>
<metadata>
<keywords>
<apiname>/config/event_sources/log_source_management/log_source_groups/{id}</apiname>
<keyword>GET</keyword>
<keyword>API</keyword>
<keyword>REST API</keyword>
</keywords>
</metadata>
</prolog>
<refbody>
<refsyn/>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>GET /config/event_sources/log_source_management/log_source_groups/{id} resource details</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">GET /config/event_sources/log_source_management/log_source_groups/{id} resource details</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="1">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">MIME Type</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>application/json
</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>GET /config/event_sources/log_source_management/log_source_groups/{id} request parameter details</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">GET /config/event_sources/log_source_management/log_source_groups/{id} request parameter details</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="6">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col2" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col3" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col4" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col5" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col6" colwidth="2*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">Parameter</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Type</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Optionality</entry>
<entry colname="col4">Data Type</entry>
<entry colname="col5">MIME Type</entry>
<entry colname="col6">Description</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>id</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>path</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Required</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>Number (Integer)</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>The ID of the log source group to retrieve.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>fields</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>query</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Optional</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>String</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>Optional - Use this parameter to specify which fields you would like to get back in the response. Fields that are not named are excluded. Specify subfields in brackets and multiple fields in the same object are separated by commas.</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>GET /config/event_sources/log_source_management/log_source_groups/{id} response codes</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">GET /config/event_sources/log_source_management/log_source_groups/{id} response codes</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="3">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col2" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col3" colwidth="3*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">HTTP Response Code</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Unique Code</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Description</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>200</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p/></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>The log source group was retrieved successfully.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>404</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>1002</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>The log source group ID was not found.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>500</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>1020</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>An error occurred during the attempt to retrieve the log source group.</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<title>Response Description</title>
<p>The log source group after it is retrieved. A log source group contains the following fields:
 <ul>
 <li><b>id</b> - Long - The ID of the group.</li>
 <li><b>name</b> - String - The name of the group.</li>
 <li><b>description</b> - String - The description of the group.</li>
 <li><b>parent_id</b> - Long -  The ID of the group's parent group. The root node group has a null parent_ID.</li>
 <li><b>owner</b> - String - The name of the user who owns the group.</li>
 <li><b>modification_date</b> - Long - The date and time (expressed as milliseconds since epoch) that the group was last modified.</li>
 <li><b>assignable</b> - Boolean - If log sources can be assigned to this group, the condition is set to 'true'; otherwise, the condition is set to 'false'. Log sources cannot be assigned directly to the "Other" group or to the root log source group node.</li>
 <li><b>child_groups</b> - Array&lt;Long> - The list of IDs of any child log source groups that belong to this group.</li>
 </ul></p>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<title>Response Sample</title>
<codeblock>
{
    "assignable": true,
    "child_group_ids": [
        42
    ],
    "description": "String",
    "id": 42,
    "modification_date": 42,
    "name": "String",
    "owner": "String",
    "parent_id": 42
}
</codeblock>
</refsyn>
</refbody>
</reference>