<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Reference//EN" "dtd/ibm-reference.dtd">
<reference id="api-17.0--config-flow_sources-custom_properties-regex_properties-regex_property_id-DELETE" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>DELETE /config/flow_sources/custom_properties/regex_properties/{regex_property_id}</title>
<shortdesc>Deletes a flow regex property. To ensure safe deletion, a dependency check is carried out. This check might take some time. An asynchronous task is started to do this check.</shortdesc>
<prolog>
<metadata>
<keywords>
<apiname>/config/flow_sources/custom_properties/regex_properties/{regex_property_id}</apiname>
<keyword>DELETE</keyword>
<keyword>API</keyword>
<keyword>REST API</keyword>
</keywords>
</metadata>
</prolog>
<refbody>
<refsyn>
<p>Deletes a flow regex property. 
 To ensure safe deletion, a dependency check is carried out. This check might take some time. 
 An asynchronous task is started to do this check.</p>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>DELETE /config/flow_sources/custom_properties/regex_properties/{regex_property_id} resource details</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">DELETE /config/flow_sources/custom_properties/regex_properties/{regex_property_id} resource details</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="1">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">MIME Type</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>application/json
</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>DELETE /config/flow_sources/custom_properties/regex_properties/{regex_property_id} request parameter details</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">DELETE /config/flow_sources/custom_properties/regex_properties/{regex_property_id} request parameter details</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="6">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col2" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col3" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col4" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col5" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col6" colwidth="2*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">Parameter</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Type</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Optionality</entry>
<entry colname="col4">Data Type</entry>
<entry colname="col5">MIME Type</entry>
<entry colname="col6">Description</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>regex_property_id</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>path</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Required</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>Number (Integer)</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>Required - The sequence ID of the Flow Regex property to delete.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>fields</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>query</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Optional</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>String</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>Optional - Use this parameter to specify which fields you would like to get back in the response. Fields that are not named are excluded. Specify subfields in brackets and multiple fields in the same object are separated by commas.</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>DELETE /config/flow_sources/custom_properties/regex_properties/{regex_property_id} response codes</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">DELETE /config/flow_sources/custom_properties/regex_properties/{regex_property_id} response codes</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="3">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col2" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col3" colwidth="3*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">HTTP Response Code</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Unique Code</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Description</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>202</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p/></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>The flow regex property delete request was accepted and is in progress</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>403</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>1009</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>The user cannot delete the regex_property because it only can be deleted by the owner or admin user.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>404</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>1002</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>The requested flow regex property cannot be found.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>500</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>1020</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>An error occurred during the attempt to delete the flow regex property.</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<title>Response Description</title>
<p>A Delete Task Status object and the location header set to the task status URL "/api/config/flow_sources/custom_properties/regex_property_delete_tasks/{task_id}". A Delete Task Status object contains the following fields:
 <ul>
 <li><b>id</b> - Long - The ID of the task.</li>
 <li><b>message</b> - String - The localized task message.</li>
 <li><b>status</b> - String - The current state of the task .</li>
 <li><b>name</b> - String - The name of the task.</li>
 <li><b>created_by</b> - String - The name of the user who started the task.</li>
 <li><b>created</b> - Long - The time in milliseconds since epoch since the task was created.</li>
 <li><b>started</b> - Long - The time in milliseconds since epoch since the task was started.</li>
 <li><b>modified</b> - Long - The time in milliseconds since epoch since the task was modified.</li>
 <li><b>completed</b> - Long - The time in milliseconds since epoch since the task was completed.</li>
 </ul></p>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<title>Response Sample</title>
<codeblock>
{
    "completed": 42,
    "created": 42,
    "created_by": "String",
    "id": 42,
    "message": "String",
    "modified": 42,
    "name": "String",
    "started": 42,
    "status": "String &lt;one of: CANCELLED, CANCELING, CANCEL_REQUESTED, COMPLETED, CONFLICT, EXCEPTION, INITIALIZING, INTERRUPTED, PAUSED, PROCESSING, QUEUED, RESUMING&gt;"
}
</codeblock>
</refsyn>
</refbody>
</reference>