<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Reference//EN" "dtd/ibm-reference.dtd">
<reference id="api-17.0--system-email_servers-email_server_id-GET" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>GET /system/email_servers/{email_server_id}</title>
<shortdesc>Retrieves an email server based on the supplied email server ID.</shortdesc>
<prolog>
<metadata>
<keywords>
<apiname>/system/email_servers/{email_server_id}</apiname>
<keyword>GET</keyword>
<keyword>API</keyword>
<keyword>REST API</keyword>
</keywords>
</metadata>
</prolog>
<refbody>
<refsyn/>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>GET /system/email_servers/{email_server_id} resource details</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">GET /system/email_servers/{email_server_id} resource details</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="1">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">MIME Type</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>application/json
</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>GET /system/email_servers/{email_server_id} request parameter details</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">GET /system/email_servers/{email_server_id} request parameter details</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="6">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col2" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col3" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col4" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col5" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col6" colwidth="2*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">Parameter</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Type</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Optionality</entry>
<entry colname="col4">Data Type</entry>
<entry colname="col5">MIME Type</entry>
<entry colname="col6">Description</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>email_server_id</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>path</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Required</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>Number (Integer)</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>Required - The ID of the server.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>fields</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>query</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Optional</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>String</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>Optional - Use this parameter to specify which fields you would like to get back in the response. Fields that are not named are excluded. Specify subfields in brackets and multiple fields in the same object are separated by commas.</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>GET /system/email_servers/{email_server_id} response codes</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">GET /system/email_servers/{email_server_id} response codes</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="3">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col2" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col3" colwidth="3*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">HTTP Response Code</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Unique Code</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Description</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>200</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p/></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>The requested email server record was retrieved.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>404</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>2000</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>The email server does not exist.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>500</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>2001</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Problem encountered while attempting to read the default email server from the database.</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<title>Response Description</title>
<p>An email server record that contains the following fields: <ul>
<li><b>id</b> - Number - ID of the email server.</li>
<li><b>description</b> - String - Description of the email server.</li>
<li><b>hostname</b> - String - Hostname of the email server.</li>
<li><b>port</b> - Number - Port to connect to the email server with.</li>
<li><b>username</b> - String - User name to authenticate with the email server.</li>
<li><b>password</b> - String - Password to authenticate with the email server.</li>
<li><b>enable_tls</b> - Boolean - Whether to ignore TLS verification errors to the email
server.</li>
</ul></p>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<title>Response Sample</title>
<codeblock>
{
    "default": true,
    "description": "String",
    "enable_tls": true,
    "hostname": "String",
    "id": 42,
    "password": "String",
    "port": 42,
    "username": "String"
}
</codeblock>
</refsyn>
</refbody>
</reference>