<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Reference//EN" "dtd/ibm-reference.dtd">
<reference id="api-17.0--system-servers-server_id-system_time_settings-GET" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>GET /system/servers/{server_id}/system_time_settings</title>
<shortdesc>Retrieves the system time and time zone settings of a server host based on the supplied server ID.</shortdesc>
<prolog>
<metadata>
<keywords>
<apiname>/system/servers/{server_id}/system_time_settings</apiname>
<keyword>GET</keyword>
<keyword>API</keyword>
<keyword>REST API</keyword>
</keywords>
</metadata>
</prolog>
<refbody>
<refsyn>
<p>Retrieves the system time and time zone settings of a server host based on the supplied server ID.</p>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>GET /system/servers/{server_id}/system_time_settings resource details</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">GET /system/servers/{server_id}/system_time_settings resource details</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="1">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">MIME Type</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>application/json
</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>GET /system/servers/{server_id}/system_time_settings request parameter details</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">GET /system/servers/{server_id}/system_time_settings request parameter details</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="6">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col2" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col3" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col4" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col5" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col6" colwidth="2*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">Parameter</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Type</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Optionality</entry>
<entry colname="col4">Data Type</entry>
<entry colname="col5">MIME Type</entry>
<entry colname="col6">Description</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>server_id</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>path</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Required</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>Number (Integer)</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>Required - The ID of the server.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>fields</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>query</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Optional</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>String</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>Optional - Use this parameter to specify which fields you would like to get back in the response. Fields that are not named are excluded. Specify subfields in brackets and multiple fields in the same object are separated by commas.</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>GET /system/servers/{server_id}/system_time_settings response codes</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">GET /system/servers/{server_id}/system_time_settings response codes</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="3">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col2" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col3" colwidth="3*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">HTTP Response Code</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Unique Code</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Description</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>200</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p/></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>The requested system time settings record was retrieved.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>404</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>1002</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>The requested system time settings record with the given server ID cannot be found.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>422</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>1005</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>One or more parameters are invalid in the request.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>500</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>1020</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>An error occurred during the attempt to retrieve the requested system time settings with the given server ID.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>500</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>1022</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Timeout while performing the task.</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<title>Response Description</title>
<p>Server system time settings that contain the following fields: <ul>
<li><b>timezone_id</b> - String - the current time zone</li>
<li><b>current_time</b> - Long - The current epoch time (number of milliseconds after Epoch). </li>
<li><b>is_sync_with_ntp_server</b> - boolean - Is the ntp service used to synchronize the system
time with configured NTP time servers?</li>
<li><b>ntp_server_addresses</b> - Array - The array of the configured NTP server addresses. Null if
is_sync_with_ntp_server is false.</li>
</ul></p>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<title>Response Sample</title>
<codeblock>
{
    "current_time": 42,
    "ntp_server_addresses": [
        "String"
    ],
    "sync_with_ntp_server": true,
    "timezone_id": "String"
}
</codeblock>
</refsyn>
</refbody>
</reference>