<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Reference//EN" "dtd/ibm-reference.dtd">
<reference id="api-17.0--config-access-tenant_management-tenants-tenant_id-GET" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>GET /config/access/tenant_management/tenants/{tenant_id}</title>
<shortdesc>Retrieve a tenant by tenant id.</shortdesc>
<prolog>
<metadata>
<keywords>
<apiname>/config/access/tenant_management/tenants/{tenant_id}</apiname>
<keyword>GET</keyword>
<keyword>API</keyword>
<keyword>REST API</keyword>
</keywords>
</metadata>
</prolog>
<refbody>
<refsyn>
<p>Retrieve a tenant by tenant ID.
 You must have the System Administrator or Security Administrator permissions to call this endpoint.</p>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>GET /config/access/tenant_management/tenants/{tenant_id} resource details</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">GET /config/access/tenant_management/tenants/{tenant_id} resource details</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="1">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">MIME Type</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>application/json
</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>GET /config/access/tenant_management/tenants/{tenant_id} request parameter details</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">GET /config/access/tenant_management/tenants/{tenant_id} request parameter details</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="6">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col2" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col3" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col4" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col5" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col6" colwidth="2*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">Parameter</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Type</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Optionality</entry>
<entry colname="col4">Data Type</entry>
<entry colname="col5">MIME Type</entry>
<entry colname="col6">Description</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>tenant_id</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>path</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Required</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>Number (Integer)</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>null</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>fields</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>query</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Optional</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>String</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>Optional - Use this parameter to specify which fields you would like to get back in the response. Fields that are not named are excluded. Specify subfields in brackets and multiple fields in the same object are separated by commas.</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>GET /config/access/tenant_management/tenants/{tenant_id} response codes</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">GET /config/access/tenant_management/tenants/{tenant_id} response codes</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="3">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col2" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col3" colwidth="3*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">HTTP Response Code</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Unique Code</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Description</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>200</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p/></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>The tenant was successfully retrieved.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>404</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>1002</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>No tenant was found for the provided tenant id.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>500</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>1020</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>An error occurred while the tenant was being retrieved.</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<title>Response Description</title>
<p>A single tenant object.
 <ul>
 <li><b>id</b> - Integer - The ID of the tenant.</li>
 <li><b>name</b> - String - The name of the tenant.</li>
 <li><b>description</b> - String - The description of the tenant.</li>
 <li><b>event_rate_limit</b> - Integer - The event rate limit that is assigned to the tenant.</li>
 <li><b>flow_rate_limit</b> - Integer - The flow rate limit that is assigned to the tenant.</li>
 <li><b>deleted</b> - Boolean - Whether or not the tenant has been deleted. Will be true if the tenant has been deleted, and false if it is still active.</li>
 </ul></p>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<title>Response Sample</title>
<codeblock>
{
    "deleted": true,
    "description": "String",
    "event_rate_limit": 42,
    "flow_rate_limit": 42,
    "id": 42,
    "name": "String"
}
</codeblock>
</refsyn>
</refbody>
</reference>