<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Reference//EN" "dtd/ibm-reference.dtd">
<reference id="api-17.0--staged_config-deployment-hosts-GET" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>GET /staged_config/deployment/hosts</title>
<shortdesc>Retrieves a list of all staged hosts.</shortdesc>
<prolog>
<metadata>
<keywords>
<apiname>/staged_config/deployment/hosts</apiname>
<keyword>GET</keyword>
<keyword>API</keyword>
<keyword>REST API</keyword>
</keywords>
</metadata>
</prolog>
<refbody>
<refsyn>
<p>Retrieves the list of all staged hosts.</p>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>GET /staged_config/deployment/hosts resource details</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">GET /staged_config/deployment/hosts resource details</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="1">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">MIME Type</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>application/json
</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>GET /staged_config/deployment/hosts request parameter details</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">GET /staged_config/deployment/hosts request parameter details</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="6">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col2" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col3" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col4" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col5" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col6" colwidth="2*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">Parameter</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Type</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Optionality</entry>
<entry colname="col4">Data Type</entry>
<entry colname="col5">MIME Type</entry>
<entry colname="col6">Description</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>Range</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>header</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Optional</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>String</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>Optional - Use this parameter to restrict the number of elements that are returned in the list to a specified range. The list is indexed starting at zero.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>filter</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>query</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Optional</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>String</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>Optional - This parameter is used to restrict the elements in a list base on the contents of various fields.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>fields</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>query</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Optional</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>String</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>Optional - Use this parameter to specify which fields you would like to get back in the response. Fields that are not named are excluded. Specify subfields in brackets and multiple fields in the same object are separated by commas.</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>GET /staged_config/deployment/hosts response codes</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">GET /staged_config/deployment/hosts response codes</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="3">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col2" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col3" colwidth="3*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">HTTP Response Code</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Unique Code</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Description</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>200</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p/></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>The host list was successfully retrieved.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>500</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>1005</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>An error occurred during the attempt to retrieve the host
 list.</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<title>Response Description</title>
<p>A list of all the hosts. Each Host object has the following fields:
 <ul>
 <li> <b>id</b> - The ID of this managed host. </li>
 <li> <b>hostname</b> - The host name of this managed host. </li>
 <li> <b>private_ip</b> - The private IP of this managed host. </li>
 <li> <b>public_ip</b> - The public IP of this managed host. </li>
 <li> <b>appliance</b> - An object that represents the appliance type ID and description of this managed host. </li>
 <li> <b>version</b> - The installed version on this managed host.</li>
 <li> <b>status</b> - The status of this managed host.</li>
 <li> <b>email_server_id</b> - The id of the email server for this managed host.</li>
 <li> <b>eps_rate_hardware_limit</b> - The upper limit for eps_allocation based on hardware constraints for this managed host.</li>
 <li> <b>eps_allocation</b> - The allocated eps rate of this managed host.</li>
 <li> <b>average_eps</b> - The average eps rate of this managed host over the previous month.</li>
 <li> <b>peak_eps</b> - The peak eps rate that was experienced by this managed host over the previous month.</li>
 <li> <b>proxy_server_id</b> - The id of the proxy server for this managed host.</li>
 <li> <b>fpm_rate_hardware_limit</b> - The upper limit for fpm_allocation based on hardware constraints for this managed host.</li>
 <li> <b>fpm_allocation</b> - The allocated fpm rate of this managed host.</li>
 <li> <b>average_fpm</b> - The average fpm rate of this managed host over the previous month.</li>
 <li> <b>peak_fpm</b> - The peak fpm rate that was experienced by this managed host over the previous month.</li>
 <li> <b>primary_server_id</b> - The ID for the primary server host for this managed host.</li>
 <li> <b>secondary_server_id</b> - If configured, the ID for the secondary server host for this managed host.</li>
 <li> <b>license_serial_number</b> - The serial number that is associated with this managed host's license.</li>
 <li> <b>components</b> - A list of components that are associated with this managed host.</li>
 <li> <b>compression_enabled</b> - Whether or not compression is enabled for this managed host.</li>
 <li> <b>encryption_enabled</b> - Whether or not encryption is enabled for this managed host.</li>
 </ul></p>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<title>Response Sample</title>
<codeblock>
[
    {
        "app_memory": 42,
        "appliance": {
            "id": "String",
            "type": "String"
        },
        "average_eps": 42,
        "average_fpm": 42,
        "components": [
            "String &lt;one of: eventcollectoringress, eventcollector, eventprocessor, dataNode, magistrate, ariel_query_server, ariel_proxy_server, vis, assetprofiler, qflow, hostcontext, tunnel, setuptunnel, ecs-ec-ingress, ecs-ec, ecs-ep, resolveragent, resolver_manager, offsiteSource, offsiteTarget, accumulator, data_export, offline_forwarder, qvm, qvmprocessor, qvmscanner, qvmhostedscanner, qvmsiteprotector, arc_builder, tomcat-rm, ziptie-server, qrm, asset_change_publisher, forensicsnode, forensics_realtime, masterdaemon&gt;"
        ],
        "compression_enabled": true,
        "cpus": 42,
        "email_server_id": 42,
        "encryption_enabled": true,
        "eps_allocation": 42,
        "eps_rate_hardware_limit": 42,
        "fpm_allocation": 42,
        "fpm_rate_hardware_limit": 42,
        "hostname": "String",
        "id": 42,
        "license_serial_number": "String",
        "peak_eps": 42,
        "peak_fpm": 42,
        "primary_server_id": 42,
        "private_ip": "String",
        "proxy_server_id": 42,
        "public_ip": "String",
        "remote_tunnel_initiation_enabled": true,
        "secondary_server_id": 42,
        "status": "String &lt;one of: Active, ADDING, Deleted, Deleting, ADD_FAILED, New, ADD_FAILED_VERSION_CHECK, ADD_FAILED_DEPLOY_IN_PROGRESS, ADD_FAILED_RETRY_CONNECTION, ADD_FAILED_HA, ADD_FAILED_CHECK_LOGS, ADD_FAILED_QVMPROCESSOR_ALREADY_EXISTS&gt;",
        "total_memory": 42,
        "version": "String"
    }
]
</codeblock>
</refsyn>
</refbody>
</reference>