<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Reference//EN" "dtd/ibm-reference.dtd">
<reference id="api-17.0--ariel-saved_searches-id-GET" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>GET /ariel/saved_searches/{id}</title>
<shortdesc>Retrieves an Ariel saved search.</shortdesc>
<prolog>
<metadata>
<keywords>
<apiname>/ariel/saved_searches/{id}</apiname>
<keyword>GET</keyword>
<keyword>API</keyword>
<keyword>REST API</keyword>
</keywords>
</metadata>
</prolog>
<refbody>
<refsyn>
<p>Retrieves an Ariel saved search.</p>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>GET /ariel/saved_searches/{id} resource details</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">GET /ariel/saved_searches/{id} resource details</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="1">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">MIME Type</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>application/json
</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>GET /ariel/saved_searches/{id} request parameter details</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">GET /ariel/saved_searches/{id} request parameter details</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="6">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col2" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col3" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col4" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col5" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col6" colwidth="2*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">Parameter</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Type</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Optionality</entry>
<entry colname="col4">Data Type</entry>
<entry colname="col5">MIME Type</entry>
<entry colname="col6">Description</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>id</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>path</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Required</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>Number (Integer)</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>Required - The ID of the Ariel Saved Search to retrieve.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>fields</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>query</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Optional</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>String</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>Optional - Use this parameter to specify which fields you would like to get back in the response. Fields that are not named are excluded. Specify subfields in brackets and multiple fields in the same object are separated by commas.</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>GET /ariel/saved_searches/{id} response codes</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">GET /ariel/saved_searches/{id} response codes</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="3">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col2" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col3" colwidth="3*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">HTTP Response Code</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Unique Code</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Description</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>200</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p/></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>The Ariel saved search was retrieved.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>404</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>1002</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>The Ariel saved search does not exist.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>500</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>1020</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>An error occurred during the attempt to retrieve the Ariel Saved Search.</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<title>Response Description</title>
<p>The Ariel saved search after it is retrieved. An Ariel Saved Search object contains the following fields:
 <ul>
 <li><b>id</b> - Long - The ID of the Ariel saved search.</li>
 <li><b>uuid</b> - String - The uuid of the Ariel saved search.</li>
 <li><b>name</b> - String - The name of the Ariel saved search.</li>
 <li><b>database</b> - String - The database of the Ariel saved search, events or flows.</li>
 <li><b>isShared</b> - Boolean - True if the Ariel saved search is shared with other users.</li>
 <li><b>owner</b> - String - The owner of the Ariel saved search.</li>
 <li><b>aql</b> - String - The AQL query.</li>
 <li><b>description</b> - String - The description of the Ariel saved search.</li>
 <li><b>isAggregate</b> - Boolean - True if the Ariel saved search is an aggregate search.</li>
 <li><b>isDashboard</b> - Boolean - True if the Ariel saved search is in the dashboard.</li>
 <li><b>isDefault</b> - Boolean - True if the Ariel saved search is default search.</li>
 <li><b>isQuickSearch</b> - Boolean - True if the Ariel saved search is default search.</li>
 </ul></p>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<title>Response Sample</title>
<codeblock>
{
    "aql": "String",
    "creation_date": 42,
    "database": "String &lt;one of: EVENTS, FLOWS, ASSETS&gt;",
    "description": "String",
    "id": 42,
    "is_aggregate": true,
    "is_dashboard": true,
    "is_default": true,
    "is_quick_search": true,
    "is_shared": true,
    "modified_date": 42,
    "name": "String",
    "owner": "String",
    "uid": "String"
}
</codeblock>
</refsyn>
</refbody>
</reference>