<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Reference//EN" "dtd/ibm-reference.dtd">
<reference id="api-17.0--config-flow-applications-default_applications-GET" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>GET /config/flow/applications/default_applications</title>
<shortdesc>Gets the list of default flow applications.</shortdesc>
<prolog>
<metadata>
<keywords>
<apiname>/config/flow/applications/default_applications</apiname>
<keyword>GET</keyword>
<keyword>API</keyword>
<keyword>REST API</keyword>
</keywords>
</metadata>
</prolog>
<refbody>
<refsyn>
<p>Gets the list of default flow applications.
 
 Default applications are read only. They are provided as a system backup in case the configuration of an active flow application is deleted or changed.
 
 You must have System Administrator or Security Administrator permissions to use this endpoint.</p>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>GET /config/flow/applications/default_applications resource details</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">GET /config/flow/applications/default_applications resource details</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="1">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">MIME Type</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>application/json
</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>GET /config/flow/applications/default_applications request parameter details</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">GET /config/flow/applications/default_applications request parameter details</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="6">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col2" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col3" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col4" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col5" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col6" colwidth="2*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">Parameter</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Type</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Optionality</entry>
<entry colname="col4">Data Type</entry>
<entry colname="col5">MIME Type</entry>
<entry colname="col6">Description</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>Range</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>header</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Optional</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>String</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>Optional - Use this parameter to restrict the number of elements that are returned in the list to a specified range. The list is indexed starting at zero.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>filter</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>query</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Optional</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>String</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>Optional - This parameter is used to restrict the elements in a list base on the contents of various fields.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>sort</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>query</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Optional</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>String</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>Optional - This parameter is used to sort the elements in a list.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>fields</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>query</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Optional</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>String</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>Optional - Use this parameter to specify which fields you would like to get back in the response. Fields that are not named are excluded. Specify subfields in brackets and multiple fields in the same object are separated by commas.</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>GET /config/flow/applications/default_applications response codes</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">GET /config/flow/applications/default_applications response codes</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="3">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col2" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col3" colwidth="3*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">HTTP Response Code</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Unique Code</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Description</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>200</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p/></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>An array of default flow applications. The level_one field is used as the default sort input in ascending order.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>422</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>1005</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>A field request parameter is not valid.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>422</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>1010</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>The filter criteria is not valid.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>422</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>1015</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>The sort field or order is not valid.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>500</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>1020</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>An error occurred while retrieving the flow applications.</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<title>Response Description</title>
<p>An array of default flow applications. The level_one field is used as the default sort input in ascending order. A default flow application object contains the following fields:
 <ul>
 <li><b>id</b> - Long - The unique ID for the application. </li>
 <li><b>name</b> - String - The system-generated name of the application as it would appear on the Network Activity tab. The Network Activity tab displays only the first three subcategories of the application name </li>
 <li><b>level_one</b> - String - The first category of the application name. </li>
 <li><b>level_two</b> - String - The second category of the application name. </li>
 <li><b>level_three</b> - String - The third category of the application name. </li>
 <li><b>level_four</b> - String - The fourth category of the application name. </li>
 <li><b>level_five</b> - String - The fifth category of the application name. </li>
 <li><b>last_update_time</b> - String - The epoch timestamp, represented in milliseconds, since the application was last modified. </li>
 </ul></p>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<title>Response Sample</title>
<codeblock>
[
    {
        "id": 42,
        "last_update_time": 42,
        "level_five": "String",
        "level_four": "String",
        "level_one": "String",
        "level_three": "String",
        "level_two": "String",
        "name": "String"
    }
]
</codeblock>
</refsyn>
</refbody>
</reference>