<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Reference//EN" "dtd/ibm-reference.dtd">
<reference id="api-17.0--health-metrics-qradar_metrics-GET" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>GET /health/metrics/qradar_metrics</title>
<shortdesc>Gets the list of QRadar component metrics</shortdesc>
<prolog>
<metadata>
<keywords>
<apiname>/health/metrics/qradar_metrics</apiname>
<keyword>GET</keyword>
<keyword>API</keyword>
<keyword>REST API</keyword>
</keywords>
</metadata>
</prolog>
<refbody>
<refsyn>
<p>Gets the list of QRadar component metrics.</p>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>GET /health/metrics/qradar_metrics resource details</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">GET /health/metrics/qradar_metrics resource details</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="1">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">MIME Type</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>application/json
</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>GET /health/metrics/qradar_metrics request parameter details</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">GET /health/metrics/qradar_metrics request parameter details</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="6">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col2" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col3" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col4" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col5" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col6" colwidth="2*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">Parameter</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Type</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Optionality</entry>
<entry colname="col4">Data Type</entry>
<entry colname="col5">MIME Type</entry>
<entry colname="col6">Description</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>Range</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>header</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Optional</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>String</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>Optional - Use this parameter to restrict the number of elements that are returned in the list to a specified range. The list is indexed starting at zero.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>fields</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>query</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Optional</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>String</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>Optional - Use this parameter to specify which fields you would like to get back in the response. Fields that are not named are excluded. Specify subfields in brackets and multiple fields in the same object are separated by commas.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>filter</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>query</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Optional</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>String</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>Optional - This parameter is used to restrict the elements in a list base on the contents of various fields.</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>GET /health/metrics/qradar_metrics response codes</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">GET /health/metrics/qradar_metrics response codes</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="3">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col2" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col3" colwidth="3*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">HTTP Response Code</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Unique Code</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Description</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>200</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p/></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>A list of resources defined by the QRadarMetric DTO.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>500</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>1020</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Internal Server Error.</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<title>Response Description</title>
<p>A list of resources defined by the QRadarMetric DTO.
 <ul>
 <li><b>Id</b> - String - Unique ID of the metric.</li>
 <li><b>time_resolution</b> - Long - Time frequency in milliseconds at which the metric is polled.</li>
 <li><b>component_name</b> - String - QRadar component name to query the mbean.</li>
 <li><b>component_type</b> - Enumeration - QRadar component type to query the mbean.</li>
 <li><b>enabled</b> - String - Boolean to represent if the metric is enabled or not.</li>
 </ul></p>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<title>Response Sample</title>
<codeblock>
[
    {
        "component_name": "String",
        "component_type": "String &lt;one of: ACCUMULATOR, ARIEL_PROXY_SERVER, ARIEL_QUERY_SERVER, ARC_BUILDER, ASSETPROFILER, ECS_EP, ECS_EC, ECS_EC_INGRESS, HISTORICAL_CORRELATION_SERVER, HOSTCONTEXT, OFFLINE_FORWARDER, QVMPROCESSOR, REPORTING_EXECUTOR, TOMCAT, JAVA&gt;",
        "enabled": true,
        "metric_id": "String",
        "time_resolution": 42
    }
]
</codeblock>
</refsyn>
</refbody>
</reference>