<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Reference//EN" "dtd/ibm-reference.dtd">
<reference id="api-17.0--staged_config-certificates-certificate_signing_request-POST" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>POST /staged_config/certificates/certificate_signing_request</title>
<shortdesc>Creates a new Certificate Signing Request (CSR) file.  A private key is generated and
used to create the CSR file. The private key is kept secure on the Console. Use the GET call to
download the CSR file. You must have System Administrator or Security Administrator permissions to
use this endpoint.</shortdesc>
<prolog>
<metadata>
<keywords>
<apiname>/staged_config/certificates/certificate_signing_request</apiname>
<keyword>POST</keyword>
<keyword>API</keyword>
<keyword>REST API</keyword>
</keywords>
</metadata>
</prolog>
<refbody>
<refsyn/>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>POST /staged_config/certificates/certificate_signing_request resource details</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">POST /staged_config/certificates/certificate_signing_request resource details</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="1">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">MIME Type</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>text/plain
</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>POST /staged_config/certificates/certificate_signing_request request body details</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">POST /staged_config/certificates/certificate_signing_request request body details</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="5">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col2" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col3" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col4" colwidth="2*" />
<colspec colname="col5" colwidth="2*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">Parameter</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Data Type</entry>
<entry colname="col3">MIME Type</entry>
<entry colname="col4">Description</entry>
<entry colname="col5">Sample</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>CSRModel</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>Object</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>application/json</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>The new certificate resource object. This JSON object contains the following parameters:
            <ul><li><b>key_size</b> - Private key length, in bits. The default is 2048.</li>
            <li><b>description</b> - Description of the Certificate Signing Request (CSR).</li>
            <li><b>purpose</b> - (Required) Indicates the intended use of the certificate that is generated from this CSR. 
			<p>To use the certificate as a server certificate, type "SERVER". </p>
			<p>To use it as a client certificate, type "CLIENT". </p>
			<p>To use it as both a server and client certificate, type "SERVER_CLIENT".</p>
			<p>To use it for encrypting data only, type "SIGNING_ENCRYPTION".</p></li>
            <li><b>country_name</b> - C- Two-letter code for the country where the organization is located.</li>
            <li><b>state_province</b> - ST- The state or region where the organization is located.</li>
            <li><b>locality</b> - L- The city where the organization is located.</li>
            <li><b>organization_name</b> - O- The legal name of the organization.</li>
            <li><b>organizational_unit</b> - OU- The division of the organization that is handling the certificate.</li>
            <li><b>common_name</b> -(Required) CN- The fully qualified domain name of the resource that the certificate will protect.</li>
            <li><b>street_address</b> - STREET- Street address of the requester.</li>
            <li><b>domain_component</b> - DC- The domain component.</li>
            <li><b>user_id</b> - UID- The user ID of the requester.</li>
            <li><b>dns</b> - Subject Alternative Name - DNS extension list.</li>
            <li><b>ip_addresses</b> - Subject Alternative Name - IP Addresses extension list.</li>
            <li><b>emails</b> - Subject Alternative Name - Email addresses extension list.</li>
            <li><b>uri_list</b> - Subject Alternative Name - URIs extension list.</li></ul></p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>{
    "common_name": "String",
    "country_name": "String",
    "description": "String",
    "dns": [
        "String"
    ],
    "domain_component": "String",
    "emails": [
        "String"
    ],
    "id": 42,
    "ip_addresses": [
        "String"
    ],
    "key_size": 42,
    "locality": "String",
    "organization_name": "String",
    "organizational_unit": "String",
    "purpose": "String",
    "state_province": "String",
    "street_address": "String",
    "uri_list": [
        "String"
    ],
    "user_id": "String"
}</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>POST /staged_config/certificates/certificate_signing_request response codes</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">POST /staged_config/certificates/certificate_signing_request response codes</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="3">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col2" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col3" colwidth="3*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">HTTP Response Code</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Unique Code</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Description</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>201</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p/></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>The Certificate Signing Request (CSR) was created successfully.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>422</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>1032</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>null</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>422</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>1033</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>null</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>422</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>1034</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>null</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>422</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>1035</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>null</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>422</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>1036</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>null</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>422</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>1037</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>null</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>422</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>1038</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>null</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>422</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>1039</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>null</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>422</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>1040</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>null</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>422</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>1041</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>null</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>422</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>1042</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>null</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>500</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>1020</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>null</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>500</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>1030</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>null</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<title>Response Description</title>
<p>The location header of the newly created resource.
            <ul>
                <li><b>id</b> - Uniquely identifies the Certificate Signing Request (CSR).</li>
            </ul></p>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<title>Response Sample</title>
<codeblock>
42
</codeblock>
</refsyn>
</refbody>
</reference>