<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Reference//EN" "dtd/ibm-reference.dtd">
<reference id="api-17.0--config-event_sources-custom_properties-property_genericlist_expressions-expression_id-GET" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>GET /config/event_sources/custom_properties/property_genericlist_expressions/{expression_id}</title>
<shortdesc>Retrieves a Generic List expression based on the supplied identifier.</shortdesc>
<prolog>
<metadata>
<keywords>
<apiname>/config/event_sources/custom_properties/property_genericlist_expressions/{expression_id}</apiname>
<keyword>GET</keyword>
<keyword>API</keyword>
<keyword>REST API</keyword>
</keywords>
</metadata>
</prolog>
<refbody>
<refsyn>
<p>Retrieves a Generic List expression based on the supplied identifier.</p>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>GET /config/event_sources/custom_properties/property_genericlist_expressions/{expression_id} resource details</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">GET /config/event_sources/custom_properties/property_genericlist_expressions/{expression_id} resource details</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="1">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">MIME Type</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>application/json
</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>GET /config/event_sources/custom_properties/property_genericlist_expressions/{expression_id} request parameter details</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">GET /config/event_sources/custom_properties/property_genericlist_expressions/{expression_id} request parameter details</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="6">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col2" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col3" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col4" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col5" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col6" colwidth="2*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">Parameter</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Type</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Optionality</entry>
<entry colname="col4">Data Type</entry>
<entry colname="col5">MIME Type</entry>
<entry colname="col6">Description</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>expression_id</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>path</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Required</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>String</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>Required - The identifier of the Generic List expression.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>fields</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>query</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Optional</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>String</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>Optional - Use this parameter to specify which fields you would like to get back in the response. Fields that are not named are excluded. Specify subfields in brackets and multiple fields in the same object are separated by commas.</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>GET /config/event_sources/custom_properties/property_genericlist_expressions/{expression_id} response codes</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">GET /config/event_sources/custom_properties/property_genericlist_expressions/{expression_id} response codes</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="3">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col2" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col3" colwidth="3*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">HTTP Response Code</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Unique Code</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Description</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>200</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p/></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>The requested Generic List expression was successfully retrieved.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>404</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>1002</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>The requested Generic List expression cannot be found.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>500</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>1020</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>An error occurred during the attempt to retrieve the requested Generic List expression.</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<title>Response Description</title>
<p>A Generic List expression that contains the following fields:
         <ul>
         <li><b>id</b> - Integer - The sequence ID of the Generic List expression.</li>
         <li><b>identifier</b> - String - The unique ID of the Generic List expression. This value is in the form of a UUID.</li>
         <li><b>regex_property_identifier</b> - String - The identifier of the event regex property to which this expression belongs.</li>
         <li><b>enabled</b> - Boolean - Flag that indicates whether this expression is enabled.</li>
         <li><b>expression</b> - String - The Generic List expression path to find the property value from the Generic List payload. </li>
         <li><b>payload</b> - String - Test payload. This parameter is only used in the UI so that you can verify that your expression matches the expected payload.</li>
         <li><b>log_source_type_id</b> - Integer - The expression is only applied to events for this log source type.</li>
         <li><b>log_source_id</b> - Integer - The expression is only applied to events for this log source (more specific than type alone). </li>
         <li><b>qid</b> - Integer - The expression is only applied to events associated with this QID record. </li>
         <li><b>low_level_category_id</b> - Integer - The expression is only applied to events with this low level category. </li>
         <li><b>username</b> - String - The delimiter between each member in a Generic List expression.</li>
         <li><b>delimiter</b> - String - The delimiter between each member in a Generic List expression.</li>
         </ul></p>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<title>Response Sample</title>
<codeblock>
{
    "creation_date": 42,
    "delimiter": "String",
    "enabled": true,
    "expression": "String",
    "id": 42,
    "identifier": "String",
    "log_source_id": 42,
    "log_source_type_id": 42,
    "low_level_category_id": 42,
    "modification_date": 42,
    "payload": "String",
    "qid": 42,
    "regex_property_identifier": "String",
    "username": "String"
}
</codeblock>
</refsyn>
</refbody>
</reference>