<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Reference//EN" "dtd/ibm-reference.dtd">
<reference id="api-17.0--config-event_sources-disconnected_log_collectors-id-GET" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>GET /config/event_sources/disconnected_log_collectors/{id}</title>
<shortdesc>Retrieves an disconnected log collector by ID..</shortdesc>
<prolog>
<metadata>
<keywords>
<apiname>/config/event_sources/disconnected_log_collectors/{id}</apiname>
<keyword>GET</keyword>
<keyword>API</keyword>
<keyword>REST API</keyword>
</keywords>
</metadata>
</prolog>
<refbody>
<refsyn/>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>GET /config/event_sources/disconnected_log_collectors/{id} resource details</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">GET /config/event_sources/disconnected_log_collectors/{id} resource details</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="1">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">MIME Type</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>application/json
</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>GET /config/event_sources/disconnected_log_collectors/{id} request parameter details</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">GET /config/event_sources/disconnected_log_collectors/{id} request parameter details</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="6">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col2" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col3" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col4" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col5" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col6" colwidth="2*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">Parameter</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Type</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Optionality</entry>
<entry colname="col4">Data Type</entry>
<entry colname="col5">MIME Type</entry>
<entry colname="col6">Description</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>id</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>path</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Required</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>Number (Integer)</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>The ID of the disconnected log collector to retrieve.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>fields</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>query</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Optional</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>String</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>Optional - Use this parameter to specify which fields you would like to get back in the response. Fields that are not named are excluded. Specify subfields in brackets and multiple fields in the same object are separated by commas.</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>GET /config/event_sources/disconnected_log_collectors/{id} response codes</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">GET /config/event_sources/disconnected_log_collectors/{id} response codes</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="3">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col2" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col3" colwidth="3*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">HTTP Response Code</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Unique Code</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Description</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>200</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p/></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>The disconnected log collector was retrieved successfully.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>404</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>1001</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>The Disconnected Log Collector was not found.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>500</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>1000</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>An error occurred during the attempt to retrieve the disconnected log collector.</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<title>Response Description</title>
<p>The disconnected log collector after it is retrieved. A disconnected log collector contains the following fields:
 <ul>
 <li><b>id</b> - ID - The ID of the disconnected log collector.</li>
 <li><b>uuid</b> - UUID - The UUID of the disconnected log collector.</li>
 <li><b>name</b> - String - The name of the Disconnected Log Collector.</li>
 <li><b>description</b> - String - The description of the Disconnected Log Collector.</li>
 <li><b>version</b> - String - The version of the Disconnected Log Collector.</li>
 <li><b>protocol</b> - Enumeration - The transport protocol used by the Disconnected Log Collector to send events to QRadar.  Possible Values are TLS and UDP.</li>
 </ul></p>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<title>Response Sample</title>
<codeblock>
{
    "description": "String",
    "id": 42,
    "name": "String",
    "protocol": "String",
    "uuid": "String",
    "version": "String"
}
</codeblock>
</refsyn>
</refbody>
</reference>