<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Reference//EN" "dtd/ibm-reference.dtd">
<reference id="api-17.0--reference_data-maps-name-DELETE" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>DELETE /reference_data/maps/{name}</title>
<shortdesc>Removes a reference map or purges its contents.</shortdesc>
<prolog>
<metadata>
<keywords>
<apiname>/reference_data/maps/{name}</apiname>
<keyword>DELETE</keyword>
<keyword>API</keyword>
<keyword>REST API</keyword>
</keywords>
</metadata>
</prolog>
<refbody>
<refsyn>
<p>Removes a reference map or purges its contents.</p>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>DELETE /reference_data/maps/{name} resource details</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">DELETE /reference_data/maps/{name} resource details</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="1">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">MIME Type</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>application/json
</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>DELETE /reference_data/maps/{name} request parameter details</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">DELETE /reference_data/maps/{name} request parameter details</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="6">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col2" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col3" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col4" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col5" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col6" colwidth="2*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">Parameter</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Type</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Optionality</entry>
<entry colname="col4">Data Type</entry>
<entry colname="col5">MIME Type</entry>
<entry colname="col6">Description</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>name</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>path</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Required</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>String</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>Required - The name of the reference map to remove or purge.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>namespace</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>query</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Optional</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>String</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>- Default is SHARED for admin users and TENANT for tenant users. If purge_only is "true", the default is SHARED for all users.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>purge_only</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>query</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Optional</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>String</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>Optional - The allowed values are "false" or "true". The default value is false. Indicates if the reference map should have its contents purged (true), keeping the reference map structure. If the value is "false" or not specified the reference map is removed completely.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>fields</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>query</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Optional</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>String</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>Optional - Use this parameter to specify which fields you would like to get back in the response. Fields that are not named are excluded. Specify subfields in brackets and multiple fields in the same object are separated by commas.</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>DELETE /reference_data/maps/{name} response codes</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">DELETE /reference_data/maps/{name} response codes</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="3">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col2" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col3" colwidth="3*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">HTTP Response Code</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Unique Code</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Description</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>202</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p/></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>The reference data maps deletion or purge request was accepted and is in progress.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>404</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>1002</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>The reference map does not exist.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>422</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>1005</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>A request parameter is not valid.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>422</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>1012</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>The namespace value of SHARED was expected.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>422</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>1015</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>The collection could not be deleted.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>500</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>1020</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>An error occurred during the attempt to remove or purge values from the reference map.</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<title>Response Description</title>
<p>A status ID to retrieve the reference data maps deletion or purge status with at /api/system/task_management/tasks/{status_id}. You can also find the URL in the Location header.</p>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<title>Response Sample</title>
<codeblock>
{
    "completed": 42,
    "created": 42,
    "created_by": "String",
    "id": 42,
    "message": "String",
    "modified": 42,
    "name": "String",
    "started": 42,
    "status": "String &lt;one of: CANCELLED, CANCELING, CANCEL_REQUESTED, COMPLETED, CONFLICT, EXCEPTION, INITIALIZING, INTERRUPTED, PAUSED, PROCESSING, QUEUED, RESUMING&gt;"
}
</codeblock>
</refsyn>
</refbody>
</reference>