<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Reference//EN" "dtd/ibm-reference.dtd">
<reference id="api-17.0--scanner-scanprofiles-profileid-GET" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>GET /scanner/scanprofiles/{profileid}</title>
<shortdesc>Retrieves a scan profile for a given Scan Profile ID. The only parameter required is the Scan Profile ID. The following
 information about a scan profile will be returned  
 
  - scanProfileId
  - name
  - description
  - scanType
  - scannerName
  - schedule
  - status
  - progress
  - endTime
  - duration</shortdesc>
<prolog>
<metadata>
<keywords>
<apiname>/scanner/scanprofiles/{profileid}</apiname>
<keyword>GET</keyword>
<keyword>API</keyword>
<keyword>REST API</keyword>
</keywords>
</metadata>
</prolog>
<refbody>
<refsyn/>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>GET /scanner/scanprofiles/{profileid} resource details</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">GET /scanner/scanprofiles/{profileid} resource details</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="1">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">MIME Type</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>application/json
</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>GET /scanner/scanprofiles/{profileid} request parameter details</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">GET /scanner/scanprofiles/{profileid} request parameter details</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="6">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col2" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col3" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col4" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col5" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col6" colwidth="2*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">Parameter</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Type</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Optionality</entry>
<entry colname="col4">Data Type</entry>
<entry colname="col5">MIME Type</entry>
<entry colname="col6">Description</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>profileid</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>path</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Required</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>String</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>The unique id of the scan profile we need to retrieve information for</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>Range</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>header</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Optional</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>String</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>Optional - Use this parameter to restrict the number of elements that are returned in the list to a specified range. The list is indexed starting at zero.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>filter</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>query</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Optional</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>String</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>Optional - This parameter is used to restrict the elements in a list base on the contents of various fields.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>fields</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>query</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Optional</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>String</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>Optional - Use this parameter to specify which fields you would like to get back in the response. Fields that are not named are excluded. Specify subfields in brackets and multiple fields in the same object are separated by commas.</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>GET /scanner/scanprofiles/{profileid} response codes</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">GET /scanner/scanprofiles/{profileid} response codes</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="3">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col2" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col3" colwidth="3*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">HTTP Response Code</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Unique Code</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Description</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>200</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p/></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>The scan profile was successfully returned</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>500</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>1030</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Occurs when an attempt is made to list a scan profile when certain conditions are not met, or when too many scan requests have been made</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<title>Response Description</title>
<p>The list of scan profiles currently configured in QVM</p>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<title>Response Sample</title>
<codeblock>
[
    {
        "description": "String",
        "duration": {
            "days": 42,
            "hours": 42,
            "microSeconds": 42,
            "minutes": 42,
            "months": 42,
            "seconds": 42.5,
            "type": "String",
            "value": "String",
            "wholeSeconds": 42,
            "years": 42
        },
        "endTime": {
            "date": 42,
            "day": 42,
            "hours": 42,
            "minutes": 42,
            "month": 42,
            "seconds": 42,
            "time": 42,
            "timezoneOffset": 42,
            "year": 42
        },
        "progress": 42,
        "scanProfileId": 42,
        "scanProfileName": "String",
        "scanType": "String",
        "scannerName": "String",
        "schedule": "String",
        "status": "String"
    }
]
</codeblock>
</refsyn>
</refbody>
</reference>