<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Reference//EN" "dtd/ibm-reference.dtd">
<reference id="api-17.0--reference_data-tables-POST" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>POST /reference_data/tables</title>
<shortdesc>Create a new reference table.</shortdesc>
<prolog>
<metadata>
<keywords>
<apiname>/reference_data/tables</apiname>
<keyword>POST</keyword>
<keyword>API</keyword>
<keyword>REST API</keyword>
</keywords>
</metadata>
</prolog>
<refbody>
<refsyn>
<p>Create a new reference table.</p>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>POST /reference_data/tables resource details</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">POST /reference_data/tables resource details</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="1">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">MIME Type</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>application/json
</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>POST /reference_data/tables request parameter details</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">POST /reference_data/tables request parameter details</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="6">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col2" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col3" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col4" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col5" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col6" colwidth="2*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">Parameter</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Type</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Optionality</entry>
<entry colname="col4">Data Type</entry>
<entry colname="col5">MIME Type</entry>
<entry colname="col6">Description</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>name</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>query</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Required</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>String</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>Required - The name of the reference table to create</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>element_type</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>query</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Required</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>String</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>Required - The default element type for the values allowed in the reference table. This is used when values are added or updated in the reference table who's inner key was not defined in the <b>key_name_types</b> parameter. The allowed values are: ALN (alphanumeric), ALNIC (alphanumeric ignore case), IP (IP address), NUM (numeric), PORT (port number) or DATE. Note that date values need to be represented in milliseconds since the Unix Epoch January 1st 1970.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>outer_key_label</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>query</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Optional</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>String</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>Optional - The label to describe the outer keys</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>timeout_type</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>query</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Optional</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>String</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>Optional -  The allowed values are "FIRST_SEEN", "LAST_SEEN" and "UNKNOWN". The default value is "UNKNOWN". This indicates if the time_to_live interval is based on when the data was first seen or last seen.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>time_to_live</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>query</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Optional</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>String</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>Optional - The time to live interval, for example: "1 month" or "5 minutes"</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>key_name_types</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>query</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Optional</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>Array&lt;Object></p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>application/json</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>Optional - A JSON formatted string. This array creates the inner key names and corresponding value types for the table</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>fields</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>query</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Optional</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>String</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>Optional - Use this parameter to specify which fields you would like to get back in the response. Fields that are not named are excluded. Specify subfields in brackets and multiple fields in the same object are separated by commas.</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>POST /reference_data/tables response codes</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">POST /reference_data/tables response codes</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="3">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col2" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col3" colwidth="3*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">HTTP Response Code</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Unique Code</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Description</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>201</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p/></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>A new reference table was successfully created</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>409</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>1004</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>The reference table could not be created, the name provided is already in use. Please change the name and try again.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>422</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>1005</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>A request parameter is not valid</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>500</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>1020</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>An error occurred while attempting to create the reference table</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<title>Response Description</title>
<p>Information about the newly created reference table.</p>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<title>Response Sample</title>
<codeblock>
{
    "collection_id": 42,
    "creation_time": 42,
    "element_type": "String &lt;one of: ALN, NUM, IP, PORT, ALNIC, DATE&gt;",
    "key_label": "String",
    "key_name_types": {
        "String": "String &lt;one of: ALN, NUM, IP, PORT, ALNIC, DATE&gt;"
    },
    "name": "String",
    "namespace": "String &lt;one of: PRIVATE, SHARED, TENANT&gt;",
    "number_of_elements": 42,
    "time_to_live": "String",
    "timeout_type": "String &lt;one of: UNKNOWN, FIRST_SEEN, LAST_SEEN&gt;"
}
</codeblock>
</refsyn>
</refbody>
</reference>