<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Reference//EN" "dtd/ibm-reference.dtd">
<reference id="api-17.0--analytics-building_blocks-id-POST" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>POST /analytics/building_blocks/{id}</title>
<shortdesc>Updates the building block rule owner or enabled/disabled only.</shortdesc>
<prolog>
<metadata>
<keywords>
<apiname>/analytics/building_blocks/{id}</apiname>
<keyword>POST</keyword>
<keyword>API</keyword>
<keyword>REST API</keyword>
</keywords>
</metadata>
</prolog>
<refbody>
<refsyn>
<p>Updates the building block rule owner or enabled/disabled only.</p>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>POST /analytics/building_blocks/{id} resource details</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">POST /analytics/building_blocks/{id} resource details</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="1">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">MIME Type</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>application/json
</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>POST /analytics/building_blocks/{id} request parameter details</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">POST /analytics/building_blocks/{id} request parameter details</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="6">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col2" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col3" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col4" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col5" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col6" colwidth="2*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">Parameter</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Type</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Optionality</entry>
<entry colname="col4">Data Type</entry>
<entry colname="col5">MIME Type</entry>
<entry colname="col6">Description</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>id</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>path</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Required</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>Number (Integer)</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>null</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>fields</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>header</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Optional</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>String</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>Optional - Use this parameter to specify which fields you would like to get back in the response. Fields that are not named are excluded. Specify subfields in brackets and multiple fields in the same object are separated by commas.</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>POST /analytics/building_blocks/{id} request body details</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">POST /analytics/building_blocks/{id} request body details</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="5">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col2" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col3" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col4" colwidth="2*" />
<colspec colname="col5" colwidth="2*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">Parameter</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Data Type</entry>
<entry colname="col3">MIME Type</entry>
<entry colname="col4">Description</entry>
<entry colname="col5">Sample</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>building_block</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>Object</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>application/json</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>null</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>{
 "id": "1",
 "name": "String",
 "type": "String",
 "owner": "String"
}</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>POST /analytics/building_blocks/{id} response codes</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">POST /analytics/building_blocks/{id} response codes</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="3">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col2" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col3" colwidth="3*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">HTTP Response Code</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Unique Code</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Description</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>200</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p/></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>The building block rule was updated.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>403</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>1009</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>You do not have the required capabilities to update the building block rule.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>404</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>1002</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>The building block rule does not exist.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>409</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>1004</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>The provided user does not have the required capabilities to own the building block rule.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>422</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>1005</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>A request parameter is not valid.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>500</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>1020</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>An error occurred during the attempt to update the building block rule.</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<title>Response Description</title>
<p>The building block rule after it is updated. A building block rule object contains the following fields:
 <ul>
 <li><b>id</b> - Long - The sequence ID of the building block rule.</li>
 <li><b>name</b> - String - The name of the building block rule.</li>
 <li><b>building_block_type</b> - String - The type of building block rule: EVENT, FLOW, COMMON, USER.</li>
 <li><b>enabled</b> - Boolean - True if the building block rule is enabled.</li>
 <li><b>owner</b> - String - The owner of the building block rule.</li>
 <li><b>origin</b> - String - The origin of the building block rule: SYSTEM, OVERRIDE, USER.</li>
 <li><b>base_capacity</b> - Long - The base capacity of the building block rule in events per second.</li>
 <li><b>base_host_id</b> - Long - The ID of the host from which the building block rule's base capacity was determined</li>
 <li><b>average_capacity</b> - Long - The moving average capacity, in EPS, of the building block rule across all hosts.</li>
 <li><b>capacity_timestamp</b> - Long - The epoch timestamp, in milliseconds, since the building block's capacity values were last updated.</li>
 <li><b>identifier</b> - String - The unique ID of the rule. This value is typically in the form of a UUID, with the exception of legacy system rules.</li>
 <li><b>linked_rule_identifier</b> - String - The linked ID of the rule. This value is typically in the form of a UUID, with the exception of legacy system rules, and varies depending on the rule's origin as follows:
 		<ul>
 		<li><b>SYSTEM</b> - The identifier value of the override rule, if one exists. If the system rule has not been overridden, the value will be null.</li>
 		<li><b>OVERRIDE</b> - The identifier value of the system rule being overridden.</li>
 		<li><b>USER</b> - The value will be null.</li>
 		</ul>
 </li>
 <li><b>creation_date</b> - Long - The number of milliseconds since epoch when the rule was created.</li>
 <li><b>modification_date</b> - Long - The number of milliseconds since epoch when the rule was last modified.</li>
 </ul></p>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<title>Response Sample</title>
<codeblock>
{
    "average_capacity": 42,
    "base_capacity": 42,
    "base_host_id": 42,
    "capacity_timestamp": 42,
    "creation_date": 42,
    "enabled": true,
    "id": 42,
    "identifier": "String",
    "linked_rule_identifier": "String",
    "modification_date": 42,
    "name": "String",
    "origin": "String &lt;one of: SYSTEM, OVERRIDE, USER&gt;",
    "owner": "String",
    "type": "String &lt;one of: EVENT, FLOW, COMMON, OFFENSE&gt;"
}
</codeblock>
</refsyn>
</refbody>
</reference>