<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Reference//EN" "dtd/ibm-reference.dtd">
<reference id="api-17.0--config-store_and_forward-policies-id-GET" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>GET /config/store_and_forward/policies/{id}</title>
<shortdesc>Retrieves a store and forward policy.</shortdesc>
<prolog>
<metadata>
<keywords>
<apiname>/config/store_and_forward/policies/{id}</apiname>
<keyword>GET</keyword>
<keyword>API</keyword>
<keyword>REST API</keyword>
</keywords>
</metadata>
</prolog>
<refbody>
<refsyn>
<p>Retrieves a store and forward policy.</p>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>GET /config/store_and_forward/policies/{id} resource details</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">GET /config/store_and_forward/policies/{id} resource details</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="1">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">MIME Type</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>application/json
</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>GET /config/store_and_forward/policies/{id} request parameter details</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">GET /config/store_and_forward/policies/{id} request parameter details</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="6">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col2" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col3" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col4" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col5" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col6" colwidth="2*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">Parameter</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Type</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Optionality</entry>
<entry colname="col4">Data Type</entry>
<entry colname="col5">MIME Type</entry>
<entry colname="col6">Description</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>id</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>path</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Required</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>Number (Integer)</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>null</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>fields</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>query</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Optional</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>String</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>Optional - Use this parameter to specify which fields you would like to get back in the response. Fields that are not named are excluded. Specify subfields in brackets and multiple fields in the same object are separated by commas.</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>GET /config/store_and_forward/policies/{id} response codes</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">GET /config/store_and_forward/policies/{id} response codes</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="3">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col2" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col3" colwidth="3*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">HTTP Response Code</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Unique Code</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Description</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>200</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p/></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>The store and forward policy was retrieved.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>404</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>1002</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>The store and forward policy does not exist.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>500</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>1020</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>An error occurred during the attempt to retrieve the store and forward policy.</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<title>Response Description</title>
<p>The store and forward policy after it has been retrieved. An Store and Forward Policy object contains the following fields:
 <ul>
 <li><b>id</b> - Long - The ID of the store and forward policy.</li>
 <li><b>name</b> - String - The name of the store and forward policy.</li>
 <li><b>description</b> - String - The description of the store and forward policy.</li>
 <li><b>timezone</b> - String - The timezone of the store and forward policy.</li>
 <li><b>owner</b> - String - The owner of the store and forward policy.</li>
 <li><b>store_and_forward_schedule_id</b> - Long - The schedule ID of the store and forward policy.</li>
 <li><b>created</b> - Long - The time in milliseconds since epoch since the store and forward policy was created.</li>
 <li><b>modified</b> - Long - The time in milliseconds since epoch since the store and forward policy was last modified.</li>
 </ul></p>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<title>Response Sample</title>
<codeblock>
{
    "created": 42,
    "description": "String",
    "id": 42,
    "modified": 42,
    "name": "String",
    "owner": "String",
    "saf_schedule_id": 42,
    "timezone": "String"
}
</codeblock>
</refsyn>
</refbody>
</reference>