<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Reference//EN" "dtd/ibm-reference.dtd">
<reference id="api-17.0--data_classification-qid_records-qid_record_id-GET" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>GET /data_classification/qid_records/{qid_record_id}</title>
<shortdesc>Retrieves a QID record that is based on the supplied qid_record_id.</shortdesc>
<prolog>
<metadata>
<keywords>
<apiname>/data_classification/qid_records/{qid_record_id}</apiname>
<keyword>GET</keyword>
<keyword>API</keyword>
<keyword>REST API</keyword>
</keywords>
</metadata>
</prolog>
<refbody>
<refsyn>
<p>Retrieves a QID record that is based on the supplied qid_record_id.</p>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>GET /data_classification/qid_records/{qid_record_id} resource details</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">GET /data_classification/qid_records/{qid_record_id} resource details</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="1">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">MIME Type</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>application/json
</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>GET /data_classification/qid_records/{qid_record_id} request parameter details</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">GET /data_classification/qid_records/{qid_record_id} request parameter details</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="6">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col2" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col3" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col4" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col5" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col6" colwidth="2*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">Parameter</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Type</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Optionality</entry>
<entry colname="col4">Data Type</entry>
<entry colname="col5">MIME Type</entry>
<entry colname="col6">Description</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>qid_record_id</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>path</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Required</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>Number (Integer)</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>Required - the ID of the QID record.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>fields</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>query</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Optional</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>String</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>Optional - Use this parameter to specify which fields you would like to get back in the response. Fields that are not named are excluded. Specify subfields in brackets and multiple fields in the same object are separated by commas.</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>GET /data_classification/qid_records/{qid_record_id} response codes</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">GET /data_classification/qid_records/{qid_record_id} response codes</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="3">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col2" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col3" colwidth="3*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">HTTP Response Code</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Unique Code</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Description</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>200</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p/></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>The requested QID record was retrieved.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>404</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>1002</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>The requested QID record was not found.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>422</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>1005</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>qid_record_id must be a positive integer.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>500</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>1020</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>An error occurred during the attempt to retrieve the QID record.</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<title>Response Description</title>
<p>A QID record containing the following fields:
 <ul>
 <li><b>id</b> - Number - The ID of the QID record.</li>
 <li><b>qid</b> - Number - The QID of the QID record.</li>
 <li><b>name</b> - String - The name of the QID record.</li>
 <li><b>description</b> - String - The description of the QID record.</li>
 <li><b>severity</b> - Number - The severity of the QID record.</li>
 <li><b>low_level_category_id</b> - Number - The low level category ID of the QID record.</li>
 <li><b>log_source_type_id</b> - Number - A placeholder with null value to ensure data structure consistency among endpoints. </li>
 <li><b>uuid</b> - String - The uuid of the QID record.</li>
 </ul></p>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<title>Response Sample</title>
<codeblock>
{
  "id": 63998,
  "qid": 2500001, 
  "name": "spp_portscan: Portscan Detected", 
  "description": "spp_portscan: Portscan Detected",
  "severity": 4,
  "low_level_category_id": 1008,
  "log_source_type_id": null,
  "uuid": null
}
</codeblock>
</refsyn>
</refbody>
</reference>