<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Reference//EN" "dtd/ibm-reference.dtd">
<reference id="api-17.0--ariel-saved_searches-GET" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>GET /ariel/saved_searches</title>
<shortdesc>Retrieves a list of Ariel saved searches.</shortdesc>
<prolog>
<metadata>
<keywords>
<apiname>/ariel/saved_searches</apiname>
<keyword>GET</keyword>
<keyword>API</keyword>
<keyword>REST API</keyword>
</keywords>
</metadata>
</prolog>
<refbody>
<refsyn>
<p>Retrieves a list of Ariel saved searches.</p>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>GET /ariel/saved_searches resource details</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">GET /ariel/saved_searches resource details</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="1">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">MIME Type</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>application/json
</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>GET /ariel/saved_searches request parameter details</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">GET /ariel/saved_searches request parameter details</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="6">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col2" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col3" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col4" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col5" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col6" colwidth="2*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">Parameter</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Type</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Optionality</entry>
<entry colname="col4">Data Type</entry>
<entry colname="col5">MIME Type</entry>
<entry colname="col6">Description</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>filter</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>query</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Optional</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>String</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>Optional - This parameter is used to restrict the elements in a list base on the contents of various fields.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>fields</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>query</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Optional</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>String</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>Optional - Use this parameter to specify which fields you would like to get back in the response. Fields that are not named are excluded. Specify subfields in brackets and multiple fields in the same object are separated by commas.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>Range</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>header</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Optional</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>String</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>Optional - Use this parameter to restrict the number of elements that are returned in the list to a specified range. The list is indexed starting at zero.</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>GET /ariel/saved_searches response codes</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">GET /ariel/saved_searches response codes</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="3">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col2" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col3" colwidth="3*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">HTTP Response Code</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Unique Code</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Description</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>200</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p/></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>The Ariel saved searches were retrieved.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>422</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>1010</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>A request parameter is not valid.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>500</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>1020</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>An error occurred during the attempt to retrieve the Ariel Saved Searches.</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<title>Response Description</title>
<p>An array of Ariel Saved Search objects. An Ariel Saved Search object contains the following fields:
 <ul>
 <li><b>id</b> - Long - The ID of the Ariel saved search.</li>
 <li><b>uid</b> - String - The uuid of the Ariel saved search.</li>
 <li><b>name</b> - String - The name of the Ariel saved search.</li>
 <li><b>database</b> - String - The database of the Ariel saved search, events or flows.</li>
 <li><b>isShared</b> - Boolean - True if the Ariel saved search is shared with other users.</li>
 <li><b>owner</b> - String - The owner of the Ariel saved search.</li>
 <li><b>aql</b> - String - The AQL query.</li>
 <li><b>description</b> - String - The description of the Ariel saved search.</li>
 <li><b>is_aggregate</b> - Boolean - True if the Ariel saved search is an aggregate search.</li>
 <li><b>is_dashboard</b> - Boolean - True if the Ariel saved search is in the dashboard.</li>
 <li><b>is_default</b> - Boolean - True if the Ariel saved search is default search.</li>
 <li><b>creation_date</b> - Long - The time that this saved search was created, in milliseconds since the epoch.</li>
 <li><b>modification_date</b> - Long - The time that this saved search was most recently modified, in milliseconds since the epoch.</li>
 </ul></p>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<title>Response Sample</title>
<codeblock>
[
    {
        "aql": "String",
        "creation_date": 42,
        "database": "String &lt;one of: EVENTS, FLOWS, ASSETS&gt;",
        "description": "String",
        "id": 42,
        "is_aggregate": true,
        "is_dashboard": true,
        "is_default": true,
        "is_quick_search": true,
        "is_shared": true,
        "modified_date": 42,
        "name": "String",
        "owner": "String",
        "uid": "String"
    }
]
</codeblock>
</refsyn>
</refbody>
</reference>