<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Reference//EN" "dtd/ibm-reference.dtd">
<reference id="api-17.0--ariel-taggedfields-GET" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>GET /ariel/taggedfields</title>
<shortdesc>Gets the list of tagged fields.</shortdesc>
<prolog>
<metadata>
<keywords>
<apiname>/ariel/taggedfields</apiname>
<keyword>GET</keyword>
<keyword>API</keyword>
<keyword>REST API</keyword>
</keywords>
</metadata>
</prolog>
<refbody>
<refsyn>
<p>Gets the list of tagged fields.</p>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>GET /ariel/taggedfields resource details</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">GET /ariel/taggedfields resource details</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="1">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">MIME Type</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>application/json
</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>GET /ariel/taggedfields request parameter details</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">GET /ariel/taggedfields request parameter details</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="6">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col2" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col3" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col4" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col5" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col6" colwidth="2*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">Parameter</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Type</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Optionality</entry>
<entry colname="col4">Data Type</entry>
<entry colname="col5">MIME Type</entry>
<entry colname="col6">Description</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>Range</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>header</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Optional</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>String</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>Optional - Use this parameter to restrict the number of elements that are returned in the list to a specified range. The list is indexed starting at zero.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>fields</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>query</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Optional</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>String</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>Optional - Use this parameter to specify which fields you would like to get back in the response. Fields that are not named are excluded. Specify subfields in brackets and multiple fields in the same object are separated by commas.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>filter</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>query</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Optional</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>String</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>Optional - This parameter is used to restrict the elements in a list base on the contents of various fields.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>sort</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>query</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Optional</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>String</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>Optional - This parameter is used to sort the elements in a list.</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>GET /ariel/taggedfields response codes</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">GET /ariel/taggedfields response codes</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="3">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col2" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col3" colwidth="3*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">HTTP Response Code</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Unique Code</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Description</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>200</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p/></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>An array of tagged fields.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>422</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>1005</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>A field request parameter is not valid.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>422</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>1010</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Invalid filter criteria supplied.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>422</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>1015</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>The sort field or order is not valid.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>500</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>1020</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>An error occurred while retrieving the tagged fields.</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<title>Response Description</title>
<p>An array of tagged fields. The category_id field is used as the default sort input in ascending order. A tagged field object contains the following fields:
 <ul>
 <li><b>id</b> - Long - The ID of the tagged field.</li>
 <li><b>tag</b> - Integer - Unique number for this tagged field. This is a system-generated number produced from the private_enterprise_number and the element_id fields.</li>
 <li><b>name</b> - String - The name of the tagged field.</li>
 <li><b>category_id</b> - Integer - The ID of the logical group that this tagged field belongs to in the UI.</li>
 <li><b>is_array</b> - Boolean - Specifies whether the tagged field is a list.</li>
 <li><b>description</b> - String - (Optional) Description for the tagged field.</li>
 <li><b>type</b> - String - The type of the tagged field. Possible values are: NULL, STRUCT, Byte, Short, Integer, Long, UnsignedByte, UnsignedShort, UnsignedInt, UnsignedLong, BigInteger, Double, Float, Port, Host, HostV4V6, HostV6, MACAddress, String, ByteArray, UnsignedIntHex, Boolean, Binary</li>
 <li><b>uuid</b> - String - The ID for this tagged field, represented as a UUID.</li>
 <li><b>modified_date</b> - Long - The time that the tagged field was last modified, specified in milliseconds since epoch.</li>
 <li><b>creation_date</b> - Long - The time that the tagged field was created, specified in milliseconds since epoch.</li>
 </ul></p>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<title>Response Sample</title>
<codeblock>
[
    {
        "category_id": 42,
        "creation_date": 42,
        "description": "String",
        "id": 42,
        "is_array": true,
        "modified_date": 42,
        "name": "String",
        "tag": 42,
        "type": "String",
        "uuid": "String"
    }
]
</codeblock>
</refsyn>
</refbody>
</reference>