<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Reference//EN" "dtd/ibm-reference.dtd">
<reference id="api-17.0--qvm-saved_searches-vuln_instances-task_id-status-POST" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>POST /qvm/saved_searches/vuln_instances/{task_id}/status</title>
<shortdesc>Updates the status of a vulnerability instance saved search.</shortdesc>
<prolog>
<metadata>
<keywords>
<apiname>/qvm/saved_searches/vuln_instances/{task_id}/status</apiname>
<keyword>POST</keyword>
<keyword>API</keyword>
<keyword>REST API</keyword>
</keywords>
</metadata>
</prolog>
<refbody>
<refsyn>
<p>Updates the status of a vulnerability instance saved search.</p>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>POST /qvm/saved_searches/vuln_instances/{task_id}/status resource details</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">POST /qvm/saved_searches/vuln_instances/{task_id}/status resource details</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="1">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">MIME Type</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>application/json
</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>POST /qvm/saved_searches/vuln_instances/{task_id}/status request parameter details</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">POST /qvm/saved_searches/vuln_instances/{task_id}/status request parameter details</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="6">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col2" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col3" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col4" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col5" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col6" colwidth="2*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">Parameter</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Type</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Optionality</entry>
<entry colname="col4">Data Type</entry>
<entry colname="col5">MIME Type</entry>
<entry colname="col6">Description</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>task_id</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>path</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Required</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>Number (Integer)</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>Required. The ID of the task to update.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>status</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>query</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Optional</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>String</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>Optional. The only accepted value is CANCELLED. If this value is provided, the search is cancelled.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>retention_period_in_days</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>query</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Optional</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>Number (Integer)</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>Optional. Set the data retention period in days for the results. Accepted values 0 - 14. Use 0 to delete a result at the next clean up cycle. Default data retention period is 2 days.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>fields</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>query</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Optional</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>String</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>Optional - Use this parameter to specify which fields you would like to get back in the response. Fields that are not named are excluded. Specify subfields in brackets and multiple fields in the same object are separated by commas.</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>POST /qvm/saved_searches/vuln_instances/{task_id}/status response codes</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">POST /qvm/saved_searches/vuln_instances/{task_id}/status response codes</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="3">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col2" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col3" colwidth="3*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">HTTP Response Code</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Unique Code</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Description</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>200</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p/></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>The request to retrieve the list of vulnerability instance saved searches completed successfully.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>403</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>1009</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>You do not have the proper capabilities to retrieve the Vulnerability Instance Saved Search.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>404</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>1002</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Resource not found.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>409</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>1004</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>The current status of the search prevented the task from being cancelled.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>422</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>1005</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>A request parameter is not valid.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>500</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>1020</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>An error occurred while retrieving status.</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<title>Response Description</title>
<p>Returns the status of the selected Vulnerability Instance search.</p>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<title>Response Sample</title>
<codeblock>
{
    "id": 42,
    "retention_period_in_days": 42,
    "status": "String &lt;one of: CANCELLED, CANCELING, CANCEL_REQUESTED, COMPLETED, CONFLICT, EXCEPTION, INITIALIZING, INTERRUPTED, PAUSED, PROCESSING, QUEUED, RESUMING&gt;"
}
</codeblock>
</refsyn>
</refbody>
</reference>