<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Reference//EN" "dtd/ibm-reference.dtd">
<reference id="api-17.0--system-information-locales-GET" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>GET /system/information/locales</title>
<shortdesc>Retrieve Locales.</shortdesc>
<prolog>
<metadata>
<keywords>
<apiname>/system/information/locales</apiname>
<keyword>GET</keyword>
<keyword>API</keyword>
<keyword>REST API</keyword>
</keywords>
</metadata>
</prolog>
<refbody>
<refsyn>
<p>Retrieves a list of all available locales.
 
 This endpoint is available to be called by every user or authorized service.</p>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>GET /system/information/locales resource details</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">GET /system/information/locales resource details</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="1">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">MIME Type</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>application/json
</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>GET /system/information/locales request parameter details</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">GET /system/information/locales request parameter details</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="6">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col2" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col3" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col4" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col5" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col6" colwidth="2*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">Parameter</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Type</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Optionality</entry>
<entry colname="col4">Data Type</entry>
<entry colname="col5">MIME Type</entry>
<entry colname="col6">Description</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>sample_type</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>query</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Optional</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>String</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>null</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>fields</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>query</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Optional</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>String</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>Optional - Use this parameter to specify which fields you would like to get back in the response. Fields that are not named are excluded. Specify subfields in brackets and multiple fields in the same object are separated by commas.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>Range</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>header</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Optional</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>String</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>Optional - Use this parameter to restrict the number of elements that are returned in the list to a specified range. The list is indexed starting at zero.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>filter</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>query</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Optional</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>String</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>Optional - This parameter is used to restrict the elements in a list base on the contents of various fields.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>sort</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>query</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Optional</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>String</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>Optional - This parameter is used to sort the elements in a list.</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>GET /system/information/locales response codes</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">GET /system/information/locales response codes</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="3">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col2" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col3" colwidth="3*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">HTTP Response Code</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Unique Code</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Description</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>200</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p/></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>The locales were retrieved.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>422</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>38315001</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Field in sort parameter does not exist.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>422</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>38315002</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Sorting not supported on field in sort parameter.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>500</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>1020</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>An unexpected error has occurred.</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<title>Response Description</title>
<p>Returns an array of locale structures.
 <ul>
 <li><b>id</b> - String - The Internet Engineering Task Force (IETF) language tag of the locale.</li>
 <li><b>label</b> - String - The localized name of the locale.</li>
 <li><b>label_in_own_locale</b> - String - The name for the language in its own language form.</li>
 <li><b>has_translation</b> - boolean - Indicates if a translation exists for the locale.</li>
 <li><b>sample</b> - String - The type of the sample requested along with the locales. The only supported type of sample is NUMBER.</li>
 </ul></p>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<title>Response Sample</title>
<codeblock>
[
  {
    "id": "sq",
    "label": "Albanian",
    "label_in_own_locale": "shqip",
    "has_translation": "false",
    "sample": "1 234 567,89",
    
  },
  {
    "id": "sq-AL",
    "label": "Albanian (Albania)",
    "label_in_own_locale": "shqip (Shqipëria)",
    "has_translation": "false",
    "sample": "1 234 567,89"
  },
  {
    "id": "ar",
    "label": "Arabic",
    "label_in_own_locale": "العربية",
    "has_translation": "false",
    "sample": "١٬٢٣٤٬٥٦٧٫٨٩"
  },
  {
    "id": "ar-DZ",
    "label": "Arabic (Algeria)",
    "label_in_own_locale": "العربية (الجزائر)",
    "has_translation": "false",
    "sample": "1.234.567,89"
  },
  {
    "id": "ar-BH",
    "label": "Arabic (Bahrain)",
    "label_in_own_locale": "العربية (البحرين)",
    "has_translation": "false",
    "sample": "١٬٢٣٤٬٥٦٧٫٨٩"
  }
 ]
</codeblock>
</refsyn>
</refbody>
</reference>