<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Reference//EN" "dtd/ibm-reference.dtd">
<reference id="api-17.0--help-resources-resource_id-GET" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>GET /help/resources/{resource_id}</title>
<shortdesc>Retrieves a single resource documentation object.</shortdesc>
<prolog>
<metadata>
<keywords>
<apiname>/help/resources/{resource_id}</apiname>
<keyword>GET</keyword>
<keyword>API</keyword>
<keyword>REST API</keyword>
</keywords>
</metadata>
</prolog>
<refbody>
<refsyn>
<p>Retrieves a single resource documentation object.</p>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>GET /help/resources/{resource_id} resource details</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">GET /help/resources/{resource_id} resource details</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="1">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">MIME Type</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>application/json
</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>GET /help/resources/{resource_id} request parameter details</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">GET /help/resources/{resource_id} request parameter details</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="6">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col2" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col3" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col4" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col5" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col6" colwidth="2*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">Parameter</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Type</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Optionality</entry>
<entry colname="col4">Data Type</entry>
<entry colname="col5">MIME Type</entry>
<entry colname="col6">Description</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>resource_id</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>path</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Required</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>Number (Integer)</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>The resource id.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>fields</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>query</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Optional</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>String</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>Optional - Use this parameter to specify which fields you would like to get back in the response. Fields that are not named are excluded. Specify subfields in brackets and multiple fields in the same object are separated by commas.</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>GET /help/resources/{resource_id} response codes</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">GET /help/resources/{resource_id} response codes</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="3">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col2" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col3" colwidth="3*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">HTTP Response Code</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Unique Code</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Description</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>200</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p/></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>The resource documentation object was retrieved.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>404</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>1002</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>No resource documentation object was found for the provided resource ID.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>500</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>1020</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>An unexpected error has occurred.</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<title>Response Description</title>
<p>A resource documentation object. A resource documentation object contains the following fields:
         <ul>
         <li><b>id</b> - Number - The ID of the resource documentation object. This ID is not permanent. It might
         change any time services are restarted.</li>
         <li><b>child_resource_ids</b> - Array of Numbers - A list of resource documentation IDs that are the
         children of this resource.</li>
         <li><b>endpoint_ids</b> - Array of Numbers - A list of endpoint documentation IDs for endpoints on this
         resource.</li>
         <li><b>resource</b> - String - The current resource.</li>
         <li><b>path</b> - String - The full path of the current resource.</li>
         <li><b>parent_resource_id</b> - Number - The resource documentation ID of the parent of this resource.
         Null if this is a root resource.</li>
         <li><b>version</b> - String - The version of this resource.</li>
         </ul></p>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<title>Response Sample</title>
<codeblock>
{
    "child_resource_ids": [
        42
    ],
    "endpoint_ids": [
        42
    ],
    "id": 42,
    "parent_resource_id": 42,
    "path": "String",
    "resource": "String",
    "version": "String"
}
</codeblock>
</refsyn>
</refbody>
</reference>