<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Reference//EN" "dtd/ibm-reference.dtd">
<reference id="api-17.0--config-event_sources-wincollect-wincollect_destinations-id-GET" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>GET /config/event_sources/wincollect/wincollect_destinations/{id}</title>
<shortdesc>Retrieves a WinCollect destination by ID.</shortdesc>
<prolog>
<metadata>
<keywords>
<apiname>/config/event_sources/wincollect/wincollect_destinations/{id}</apiname>
<keyword>GET</keyword>
<keyword>API</keyword>
<keyword>REST API</keyword>
</keywords>
</metadata>
</prolog>
<refbody>
<refsyn/>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>GET /config/event_sources/wincollect/wincollect_destinations/{id} resource details</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">GET /config/event_sources/wincollect/wincollect_destinations/{id} resource details</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="1">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">MIME Type</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>application/json
</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>GET /config/event_sources/wincollect/wincollect_destinations/{id} request parameter details</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">GET /config/event_sources/wincollect/wincollect_destinations/{id} request parameter details</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="6">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col2" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col3" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col4" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col5" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col6" colwidth="2*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">Parameter</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Type</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Optionality</entry>
<entry colname="col4">Data Type</entry>
<entry colname="col5">MIME Type</entry>
<entry colname="col6">Description</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>id</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>path</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Required</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>Number (Integer)</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>The ID of the WinCollect Destination to retrieve.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>fields</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>query</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Optional</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>String</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>Optional - Use this parameter to specify which fields you would like to get back in the response. Fields that are not named are excluded. Specify subfields in brackets and multiple fields in the same object are separated by commas.</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>GET /config/event_sources/wincollect/wincollect_destinations/{id} response codes</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">GET /config/event_sources/wincollect/wincollect_destinations/{id} response codes</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="3">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col2" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col3" colwidth="3*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">HTTP Response Code</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Unique Code</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Description</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>404</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>1010</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>The WinCollect destination ID was not found.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>500</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>1020</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>An internal server error has occurred.</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<title>Response Description</title>
<p>A WinCollectDestinationDTO.
 <ul>
 <li><b>id</b>      - Integer   - The ID of the WinCollect destination.</li>
 <li><b>name</b>      - String    - The name of the WinCollect destination.</li>
 <li><b>host</b>      - String   - The IP or hostname of the WinCollect destination. WinCollect agents that use this destination send syslog event data to this host.</li>
 <li><b>port</b>      - Integer   - The listen port of the WinCollect destination. WinCollect agents that use this destination send syslog event data to this port.</li>
 <li><b>transport_protocol</b>  - Enumeration  - The protocol that is used to send event data to this WinCollect destination. Possible values are TCP or UDP.</li>
 <li><b>event_rate_throttle</b>  - Integer  - The events-per-second rate that is used to throttle the event flow to this destination.</li>
 <li><b>internal</b>     - Boolean   - Set to 'true' if the destination corresponds to a QRadar event collector process from this deployment; otherwise, it is set to false if it is any other host.</li>
 </ul></p>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<title>Response Sample</title>
<codeblock>
{
    "event_rate_throttle": 42,
    "host": "String",
    "id": 42,
    "internal": true,
    "name": "String",
    "port": 42,
    "tls_certificate": "String",
    "transport_protocol": "String &lt;one of: UDP, TCP, TLS, UNKNOWN&gt;"
}
</codeblock>
</refsyn>
</refbody>
</reference>