<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Reference//EN" "dtd/ibm-reference.dtd">
<reference id="api-17.0--ariel-saved_searches-id-POST" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>POST /ariel/saved_searches/{id}</title>
<shortdesc>Updates the Ariel saved search.</shortdesc>
<prolog>
<metadata>
<keywords>
<apiname>/ariel/saved_searches/{id}</apiname>
<keyword>POST</keyword>
<keyword>API</keyword>
<keyword>REST API</keyword>
</keywords>
</metadata>
</prolog>
<refbody>
<refsyn>
<p>Updates the Ariel saved search.</p>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>POST /ariel/saved_searches/{id} resource details</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">POST /ariel/saved_searches/{id} resource details</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="1">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">MIME Type</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>application/json
</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>POST /ariel/saved_searches/{id} request parameter details</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">POST /ariel/saved_searches/{id} request parameter details</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="6">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col2" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col3" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col4" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col5" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col6" colwidth="2*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">Parameter</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Type</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Optionality</entry>
<entry colname="col4">Data Type</entry>
<entry colname="col5">MIME Type</entry>
<entry colname="col6">Description</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>id</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>path</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Required</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>Number (Integer)</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>Required - The ID of the Ariel saved search to edit.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>fields</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>header</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Optional</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>String</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>Optional - Use this parameter to specify which fields you would like to get back in the response. Fields that are not named are excluded. Specify subfields in brackets and multiple fields in the same object are separated by commas.</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>POST /ariel/saved_searches/{id} request body details</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">POST /ariel/saved_searches/{id} request body details</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="5">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col2" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col3" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col4" colwidth="2*" />
<colspec colname="col5" colwidth="2*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">Parameter</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Data Type</entry>
<entry colname="col3">MIME Type</entry>
<entry colname="col4">Description</entry>
<entry colname="col5">Sample</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>saved_search</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>Object</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>application/json</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>Required - Ariel Saved Search object.</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>{
 "is_shared": true,
 "owner": "String",
 "is_quick_search": true,
 "is_default": true,
 "is_dashboard": true,
}</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>POST /ariel/saved_searches/{id} response codes</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">POST /ariel/saved_searches/{id} response codes</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="3">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col2" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col3" colwidth="3*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">HTTP Response Code</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Unique Code</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Description</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>200</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p/></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>The Ariel saved search was updated.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>403</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>1009</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>You do not have the required capabilities to update the Ariel Saved Search.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>403</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>1012</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>You are not allowed to update the owner field</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>404</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>1002</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>The Ariel saved search does not exist.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>409</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>1007</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>The provided user does not have the required capabilities to own the Ariel saved search.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>422</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>2000</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>null</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>422</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>1006</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Non group by searches cannot be added to the dashboard.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>422</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>1011</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>The provided new owner is not an existing user</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>500</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>1020</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>An error occurred during the attempt to update the Ariel Saved Search.</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<title>Response Description</title>
<p>The Ariel saved search after it has been updated. An Ariel Saved Search object contains the following fields:
 <ul>
 <li><b>id</b> - Long - The Id of the saved search.</li>
 <li><b>uuid</b> - String -  The uid string of the saved search. 
  There are two formats of uid strings: one is rfc4122 pseudo randomly generated UUID format; 
  the other is a string-digit format, e.g. SEARCH-250.</li>
 <li><b>name</b> - String - The name of the Ariel saved search.</li>
 <li><b>database</b> - String - The database of the Ariel saved search, events or flows.</li>
 <li><b>isShared</b> - Boolean - True if the saved search is shared with everyone.</li>
 <li><b>owner</b> - String - Owner of the saved search. 
 Only the admin user can change the owner from one to another. 
 Even the owner itself cannot reassign it to another user.</li>
 <li><b>aql</b> - String -   The AQL string or a null value. 
 If it is an AQL string, the saved search is an AQL based search. 
 If it is a null value, the saved search is a baisc search that is based on query parameters instead of an AQL.</li>
 <li><b>description</b> - String - The description of the Ariel saved search.</li>
 <li><b>isAggregate</b> - Boolean - True if the saved search is aggregated, so it could be in dashboard.</li>
 <li><b>isDashboard</b> - Boolean - True if the Ariel saved search is in the dashboard.</li>
 <li><b>isDefault</b> - Boolean - True if this saved search is the default saved search to the user who calls this endpoint. A user can have only one default saved search.</li>
 <li><b>isQuickSearch</b> - Boolean - True if the saved search should be in quick search.</li>
 </ul></p>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<title>Response Sample</title>
<codeblock>
{
    "aql": "String",
    "creation_date": 42,
    "database": "String &lt;one of: EVENTS, FLOWS, ASSETS&gt;",
    "description": "String",
    "id": 42,
    "is_aggregate": true,
    "is_dashboard": true,
    "is_default": true,
    "is_quick_search": true,
    "is_shared": true,
    "modified_date": 42,
    "name": "String",
    "owner": "String",
    "uid": "String"
}
</codeblock>
</refsyn>
</refbody>
</reference>