<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Reference//EN" "dtd/ibm-reference.dtd">
<reference id="api-17.0--config-event_sources-custom_properties-property_leef_expressions-expression_id-GET" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>GET /config/event_sources/custom_properties/property_leef_expressions/{expression_id}</title>
<shortdesc>Retrieves a LEEF Expression based on the supplied identifier.</shortdesc>
<prolog>
<metadata>
<keywords>
<apiname>/config/event_sources/custom_properties/property_leef_expressions/{expression_id}</apiname>
<keyword>GET</keyword>
<keyword>API</keyword>
<keyword>REST API</keyword>
</keywords>
</metadata>
</prolog>
<refbody>
<refsyn>
<p>Retrieves a LEEF Expression based on the supplied identifier.</p>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>GET /config/event_sources/custom_properties/property_leef_expressions/{expression_id} resource details</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">GET /config/event_sources/custom_properties/property_leef_expressions/{expression_id} resource details</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="1">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">MIME Type</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>application/json
</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>GET /config/event_sources/custom_properties/property_leef_expressions/{expression_id} request parameter details</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">GET /config/event_sources/custom_properties/property_leef_expressions/{expression_id} request parameter details</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="6">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col2" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col3" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col4" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col5" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col6" colwidth="2*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">Parameter</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Type</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Optionality</entry>
<entry colname="col4">Data Type</entry>
<entry colname="col5">MIME Type</entry>
<entry colname="col6">Description</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>expression_id</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>path</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Required</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>String</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>Required - The identifier of the LEEF Expression to be retrieved.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>fields</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>query</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Optional</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>String</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>Optional - Use this parameter to specify which fields you would like to get back in the response. Fields that are not named are excluded. Specify subfields in brackets and multiple fields in the same object are separated by commas.</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>GET /config/event_sources/custom_properties/property_leef_expressions/{expression_id} response codes</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">GET /config/event_sources/custom_properties/property_leef_expressions/{expression_id} response codes</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="3">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col2" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col3" colwidth="3*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">HTTP Response Code</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Unique Code</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Description</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>200</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p/></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>The requested LEEF Expression was successfully retrieved.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>404</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>1002</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>The requested LEEF Expression cannot be found.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>500</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>1020</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>An error occurred during the attempt to retrieve the requested LEEF Expression.</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<title>Response Description</title>
<p>A LEEF Expression that contains the following fields:
         <ul>
         <li><b>id</b> - Integer - The sequence ID of the LEEF Expression.</li>
         <li><b>identifier</b> - String - The unique ID of the LEEF expression. This value is in the form of a UUID.</li>
         <li><b>regex_property_identifier</b> - String - The identifier of the event regex property to which this expression belongs.</li>
         <li><b>enabled</b> - Boolean - Flag that indicates whether this expression is enabled.</li>
         <li><b>expression</b> - String - The key of the corresponding property value from the LEEF payload.</li>
         <li><b>creation_date</b> - Long - The epoch timestamp in milliseconds of the time the property was created.</li>
         <li><b>modification_date</b> - Long - The epoch timestamp in milliseconds of the time the property was last modified.</li>
         <li><b>payload</b> - String - Test payload. This parameter is only used in the UI so that you can verify that your expression matches the expected payload.</li>
         <li><b>log_source_type_id</b> - Integer - Optional field. If provided, this restricts the LEEF Expression to only evaluate against events for this log source type. Must be the id of an existing log source type.</li>
         <li><b>log_source_id</b> - Integer - Optional field. If provided, this restricts the LEEF Expression to only evaluate against events for this log source. Must be the id of an existing log source.</li>
         <li><b>qid</b> - Integer - Optional field. If provided, this restricts the LEEF Expression to only evaluate against events for this log source type. Must be the id of an existing log source type.</li>
         <li><b>low_level_category_id</b> - Short - The expression is only applied to events with this low level category.</li>
         <li><b>username</b> - String - The owner of the LEEF expression.</li>
         </ul></p>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<title>Response Sample</title>
<codeblock>
{
    "creation_date": 42,
    "enabled": true,
    "expression": "String",
    "id": 42,
    "identifier": "String",
    "log_source_id": 42,
    "log_source_type_id": 42,
    "low_level_category_id": 42,
    "modification_date": 42,
    "payload": "String",
    "qid": 42,
    "regex_property_identifier": "String",
    "username": "String"
}
</codeblock>
</refsyn>
</refbody>
</reference>