<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Reference//EN" "dtd/ibm-reference.dtd">
<reference id="api-17.0--siem-offense_types-offense_type_id-GET" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>GET /siem/offense_types/{offense_type_id}</title>
<shortdesc>Retrieve an offense type structure that describes the properties of an offense type.</shortdesc>
<prolog>
<metadata>
<keywords>
<apiname>/siem/offense_types/{offense_type_id}</apiname>
<keyword>GET</keyword>
<keyword>API</keyword>
<keyword>REST API</keyword>
</keywords>
</metadata>
</prolog>
<refbody>
<refsyn>
<p>Retrieve an offense type.</p>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>GET /siem/offense_types/{offense_type_id} resource details</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">GET /siem/offense_types/{offense_type_id} resource details</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="1">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">MIME Type</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>application/json
</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>GET /siem/offense_types/{offense_type_id} request parameter details</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">GET /siem/offense_types/{offense_type_id} request parameter details</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="6">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col2" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col3" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col4" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col5" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col6" colwidth="2*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">Parameter</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Type</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Optionality</entry>
<entry colname="col4">Data Type</entry>
<entry colname="col5">MIME Type</entry>
<entry colname="col6">Description</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>offense_type_id</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>path</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Required</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>Number (Integer)</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>Required - int - The offense type id.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>fields</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>query</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Optional</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>String</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>Optional - Use this parameter to specify which fields you would like to get back in the response. Fields that are not named are excluded. Specify subfields in brackets and multiple fields in the same object are separated by commas.</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>GET /siem/offense_types/{offense_type_id} response codes</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">GET /siem/offense_types/{offense_type_id} response codes</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="3">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col2" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col3" colwidth="3*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">HTTP Response Code</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Unique Code</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Description</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>200</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p/></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>The requested offense type has been retrieved.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>404</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>1002</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>The requested offense type cannot be found.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>422</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>1005</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>A request parameter is not valid.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>500</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>1020</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>An error occurred while attempting to retrieve the requested offense type.</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<title>Response Description</title>
<p>The Offense Type with the entered offense_type_id.
 <ul>
 <li><b>id</b> - Number - The ID of the offense type and what is presented in the offense's offense_type.</li>
 <li><b>property_name</b> - String - The name of the of the event or flow property represented by this offense type for flow or event properties or the unique identifier for custom flow or event properties.</li>
 <li><b>name</b> - String - The offense type's name.</li>
 <li><b>database_type</b> - String - Database where this type is present. Possible values are: EVENTS, FLOWS, or COMMON  (if it belongs to both events and flows).</li>
 <li><b>custom</b> - boolean - True if the offense type is based on a custom flow or event property.</li>
 </ul></p>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<title>Response Sample</title>
<codeblock>
{
    "custom": true,
    "database_type": "String &lt;one of: EVENTS, FLOWS, COMMON&gt;",
    "id": 42,
    "name": "String",
    "property_name": "String"
}
</codeblock>
</refsyn>
</refbody>
</reference>