<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Reference//EN" "dtd/ibm-reference.dtd">
<reference id="api-17.0--reference_data-map_delete_tasks-task_id-GET" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>GET /reference_data/map_delete_tasks/{task_id}</title>
<shortdesc>Retrieves the delete reference data map task status.</shortdesc>
<prolog>
<metadata>
<keywords>
<apiname>/reference_data/map_delete_tasks/{task_id}</apiname>
<keyword>GET</keyword>
<keyword>API</keyword>
<keyword>REST API</keyword>
</keywords>
</metadata>
</prolog>
<refbody>
<refsyn>
<p>Retrieves the delete reference data map task status.</p>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>GET /reference_data/map_delete_tasks/{task_id} resource details</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">GET /reference_data/map_delete_tasks/{task_id} resource details</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="1">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">MIME Type</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>application/json
</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>GET /reference_data/map_delete_tasks/{task_id} request parameter details</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">GET /reference_data/map_delete_tasks/{task_id} request parameter details</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="6">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col2" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col3" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col4" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col5" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col6" colwidth="2*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">Parameter</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Type</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Optionality</entry>
<entry colname="col4">Data Type</entry>
<entry colname="col5">MIME Type</entry>
<entry colname="col6">Description</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>task_id</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>path</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Required</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>Number (Integer)</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>null</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>fields</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>query</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Optional</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>String</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>Optional - Use this parameter to specify which fields you would like to get back in the response. Fields that are not named are excluded. Specify subfields in brackets and multiple fields in the same object are separated by commas.</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>GET /reference_data/map_delete_tasks/{task_id} response codes</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">GET /reference_data/map_delete_tasks/{task_id} response codes</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="3">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col2" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col3" colwidth="3*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">HTTP Response Code</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Unique Code</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Description</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>200</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p/></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>The delete task status was retrieved.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>404</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>1002</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>The delete task status does not exist.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>500</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>1020</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>An error occurred during the attempt to retrieve the delete task status.</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<title>Response Description</title>
<p>A Delete Task Status object and the location header set to the task status url "/api/reference_data/maps/map_delete_tasks/{task_id}". A Delete Task Status object contains the following fields:
 <ul>
 <li><b>id</b> - Long - The ID of the task.</li>
 <li><b>message</b> - String - The localized task message.</li>
 <li><b>status</b> - String - The current state of the task.</li>
 <li><b>name</b> - String - The name of the task.</li>
 <li><b>created_by</b> - String - The name of the user who started the task.</li>
 <li><b>created</b> - Long - The time in milliseconds since epoch since the task was created.</li>
 <li><b>started</b> - Long - The time in milliseconds since epoch since the task was started.</li>
 <li><b>modified</b> - Long - The time in milliseconds since epoch since the task was modified.</li>
 <li><b>completed</b> - Long - The time in milliseconds since epoch since the task was completed.</li>
 </ul></p>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<title>Response Sample</title>
<codeblock>
{
    "completed": 42,
    "created": 42,
    "created_by": "String",
    "id": 42,
    "message": "String",
    "modified": 42,
    "name": "String",
    "started": 42,
    "status": "String &lt;one of: CANCELLED, CANCELING, CANCEL_REQUESTED, COMPLETED, CONFLICT, EXCEPTION, INITIALIZING, INTERRUPTED, PAUSED, PROCESSING, QUEUED, RESUMING&gt;"
}
</codeblock>
</refsyn>
</refbody>
</reference>