<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Reference//EN" "dtd/ibm-reference.dtd">
<reference id="api-17.0--qvm-saved_searches-vuln_instances-task_id-status-GET" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>GET /qvm/saved_searches/vuln_instances/{task_id}/status</title>
<shortdesc>Retrieves the current status of a vulnerability instance search that was initiated.</shortdesc>
<prolog>
<metadata>
<keywords>
<apiname>/qvm/saved_searches/vuln_instances/{task_id}/status</apiname>
<keyword>GET</keyword>
<keyword>API</keyword>
<keyword>REST API</keyword>
</keywords>
</metadata>
</prolog>
<refbody>
<refsyn>
<p>Retrieves the current status of a vulnerability instance search that was initiated.</p>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>GET /qvm/saved_searches/vuln_instances/{task_id}/status resource details</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">GET /qvm/saved_searches/vuln_instances/{task_id}/status resource details</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="1">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">MIME Type</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>application/json
</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>GET /qvm/saved_searches/vuln_instances/{task_id}/status request parameter details</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">GET /qvm/saved_searches/vuln_instances/{task_id}/status request parameter details</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="6">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col2" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col3" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col4" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col5" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col6" colwidth="2*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">Parameter</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Type</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Optionality</entry>
<entry colname="col4">Data Type</entry>
<entry colname="col5">MIME Type</entry>
<entry colname="col6">Description</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>task_id</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>path</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Required</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>Number (Integer)</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>null</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>fields</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>query</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Optional</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>String</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>Optional - Use this parameter to specify which fields you would like to get back in the response. Fields that are not named are excluded. Specify subfields in brackets and multiple fields in the same object are separated by commas.</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>GET /qvm/saved_searches/vuln_instances/{task_id}/status response codes</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">GET /qvm/saved_searches/vuln_instances/{task_id}/status response codes</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="3">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col2" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col3" colwidth="3*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">HTTP Response Code</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Unique Code</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Description</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>200</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p/></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>The request to retrieve the current status of the vulnerability instance search completed successfully.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>404</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>1002</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Resource not found.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>500</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>1020</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>An error occurred while retrieving status.</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<title>Response Description</title>
<p>Returns the status of the selected  vulnerability instance search.</p>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<title>Response Sample</title>
<codeblock>
{
    "id": 42,
    "retention_period_in_days": 42,
    "status": "String &lt;one of: CANCELLED, CANCELING, CANCEL_REQUESTED, COMPLETED, CONFLICT, EXCEPTION, INITIALIZING, INTERRUPTED, PAUSED, PROCESSING, QUEUED, RESUMING&gt;"
}
</codeblock>
</refsyn>
</refbody>
</reference>