<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Reference//EN" "dtd/ibm-reference.dtd">
<reference id="api-17.0--system-servers-server_id-firewall_rules-GET" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>GET /system/servers/{server_id}/firewall_rules</title>
<shortdesc>Retrieves a list of access control firewall rules based on the supplied server ID.</shortdesc>
<prolog>
<metadata>
<keywords>
<apiname>/system/servers/{server_id}/firewall_rules</apiname>
<keyword>GET</keyword>
<keyword>API</keyword>
<keyword>REST API</keyword>
</keywords>
</metadata>
</prolog>
<refbody>
<refsyn/>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>GET /system/servers/{server_id}/firewall_rules resource details</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">GET /system/servers/{server_id}/firewall_rules resource details</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="1">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">MIME Type</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>application/json
</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>GET /system/servers/{server_id}/firewall_rules request parameter details</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">GET /system/servers/{server_id}/firewall_rules request parameter details</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="6">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col2" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col3" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col4" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col5" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col6" colwidth="2*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">Parameter</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Type</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Optionality</entry>
<entry colname="col4">Data Type</entry>
<entry colname="col5">MIME Type</entry>
<entry colname="col6">Description</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>server_id</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>path</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Required</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>Number (Integer)</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>Required - The ID of the server.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>filter</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>query</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Optional</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>String</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>Optional - This parameter is used to restrict the elements in a list base on the contents of various fields.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>Range</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>header</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Optional</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>String</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>Optional - Use this parameter to restrict the number of elements that are returned in the list to a specified range. The list is indexed starting at zero.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>fields</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>query</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Optional</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>String</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>Optional - Use this parameter to specify which fields you would like to get back in the response. Fields that are not named are excluded. Specify subfields in brackets and multiple fields in the same object are separated by commas.</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>GET /system/servers/{server_id}/firewall_rules response codes</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">GET /system/servers/{server_id}/firewall_rules response codes</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="3">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col2" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col3" colwidth="3*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">HTTP Response Code</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Unique Code</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Description</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>200</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p/></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>The rules records was retrieved.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>404</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>1002</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>The requested server with the given server ID cannot be found.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>422</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>1005</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>One or more parameters are invalid in request.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>500</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>1020</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>An error occurred while trying to retrieve the requested access control firewall rules on the server with the given ID.</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<title>Response Description</title>
<p>A list of the rules. Each rule record contains the following fields: <ul>
<li><b>is_any_source_ip</b> - Boolean - Whether any source IP is accepted. </li>
<li><b>port_range</b> - String - A port range in the format of start-end. </li>
<li><b>port_type</b> - String - one of: ANY, SINGLE, RANGE. </li>
<li><b>protocol</b> - String - one of: ANY, TCP, UDP. </li>
<li><b>single_port</b> - String - A single port. </li>
<li><b>source_ip</b> - String - A specific IP address. </li>
</ul></p>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<title>Response Sample</title>
<codeblock>
[
    {
        "is_any_source_ip": true,
        "port_range": "String",
        "port_type": "String &lt;one of: ANY, SINGLE, RANGE&gt;",
        "protocol": "String &lt;one of: ANY, TCP, UDP&gt;",
        "single_port": "String",
        "source_ip": "String"
    }
]
</codeblock>
</refsyn>
</refbody>
</reference>