<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Reference//EN" "dtd/ibm-reference.dtd">
<reference id="api-17.0--system-authorization-password_policies-GET" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>GET /system/authorization/password_policies</title>
<shortdesc>Retrieves a list of Password Policies that exist on the system</shortdesc>
<prolog>
<metadata>
<keywords>
<apiname>/system/authorization/password_policies</apiname>
<keyword>GET</keyword>
<keyword>API</keyword>
<keyword>REST API</keyword>
</keywords>
</metadata>
</prolog>
<refbody>
<refsyn>
<p>
 View a list of all the Password Policies available on the system.
 Currently this is limited to exactly <b>1</b> policy. A policy defines
 the requirements for passwords that are stored locally, and that will be
 enforced on login or while creating a new user, or while a user is
 updating their password.
 </p>

 <p>
 </p>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>GET /system/authorization/password_policies resource details</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">GET /system/authorization/password_policies resource details</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="1">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">MIME Type</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>application/json
</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>GET /system/authorization/password_policies request parameter details</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">GET /system/authorization/password_policies request parameter details</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="6">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col2" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col3" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col4" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col5" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col6" colwidth="2*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">Parameter</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Type</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Optionality</entry>
<entry colname="col4">Data Type</entry>
<entry colname="col5">MIME Type</entry>
<entry colname="col6">Description</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>Range</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>header</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Optional</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>String</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>Optional - Use this parameter to restrict the number of elements that are returned in the list to a specified range. The list is indexed starting at zero.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>fields</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>query</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Optional</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>String</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>Optional - Use this parameter to specify which fields you would like to get back in the response. Fields that are not named are excluded. Specify subfields in brackets and multiple fields in the same object are separated by commas.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>filter</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>query</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Optional</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>String</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>Optional - This parameter is used to restrict the elements in a list base on the contents of various fields.</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>GET /system/authorization/password_policies response codes</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">GET /system/authorization/password_policies response codes</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="3">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col2" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col3" colwidth="3*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">HTTP Response Code</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Unique Code</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Description</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>200</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p/></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>The Password Policy list was retrieved</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<title>Response Description</title>
<p>An array of Password Policy objects. Passwords stored in the
         system must adhere to the policy. A Password Policy object has
         the following fields:
         <ul>
         <li><b>id</b> - Number - The ID of the Password Policy</li>
         <li><b>minimum_length</b> - The minimum length that passwords on
         the system must adhere to</li>
         <li><b>variance_rules</b> - Contains a subset of the following
         values: UPPER_CASE, LOWER_CASE, NUMBER, OTHER.</li>
         <li><b>variance_rules_required_count</b> - The number of
         variance_rules that must be met before a password is said to
         'pass'. This must be a number between 0 and 4.</li>
         <li><b>password_history_size</b> - The number of
         password_expiry_intervals that passwords are remembered and not
         allowed to be reused. Must be greater than 0, or 'null'. For
         example, with a password_history_size of 3 and a
         password_expiry_interval of 90 (days), 270 days must pass before
         a password can be reused. If a user changes their password four
         times in one day, they still cannot use the first password
         because 270 days have not passed.</li>
         <li><b>password_expiry_interval</b> - The number of milliseconds
         before a password must be changed. Setting this field to 'null'
         means passwords never expire.</li>
         <li><b>disallow_repeating_characters</b> - Set this value to true
         to disallow more than 2 repeating characters. For example, "abbc"
         is allowed, where "abbbc" is not.</li>
         </ul></p>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<title>Response Sample</title>
<codeblock>
[
    {
        "disallow_repeating_characters": true,
        "id": 42,
        "minimum_length": 42,
        "password_expiry_interval": 42,
        "password_history_size": 42,
        "variance_rules": [
            "String &lt;one of: UPPER_CASE, LOWER_CASE, NUMBER, OTHER&gt;"
        ],
        "variance_rules_required_count": 42
    }
]
</codeblock>
</refsyn>
</refbody>
</reference>