<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Reference//EN" "dtd/ibm-reference.dtd">
<reference id="api-17.0--bandwidth_manager-filters-id-GET" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>GET /bandwidth_manager/filters/{id}</title>
<shortdesc>Retrieves a filter.</shortdesc>
<prolog>
<metadata>
<keywords>
<apiname>/bandwidth_manager/filters/{id}</apiname>
<keyword>GET</keyword>
<keyword>API</keyword>
<keyword>REST API</keyword>
</keywords>
</metadata>
</prolog>
<refbody>
<refsyn>
<p>Retrieves a filter.</p>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>GET /bandwidth_manager/filters/{id} resource details</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">GET /bandwidth_manager/filters/{id} resource details</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="1">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">MIME Type</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>application/json
</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>GET /bandwidth_manager/filters/{id} request parameter details</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">GET /bandwidth_manager/filters/{id} request parameter details</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="6">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col2" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col3" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col4" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col5" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col6" colwidth="2*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">Parameter</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Type</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Optionality</entry>
<entry colname="col4">Data Type</entry>
<entry colname="col5">MIME Type</entry>
<entry colname="col6">Description</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>id</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>path</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Required</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>Number (Integer)</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>null</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>fields</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>query</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Optional</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>String</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>Optional - Use this parameter to specify which fields you would like to get back in the response. Fields that are not named are excluded. Specify subfields in brackets and multiple fields in the same object are separated by commas.</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>GET /bandwidth_manager/filters/{id} response codes</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">GET /bandwidth_manager/filters/{id} response codes</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="3">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col2" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col3" colwidth="3*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">HTTP Response Code</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Unique Code</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Description</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>200</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p/></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>The filter was retrieved.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>404</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>1000</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>The filter does not exist.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>500</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>1020</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>An error occurred during the attempt to retrieve the filter.</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<title>Response Description</title>
<p>The filter after it is retrieved. A filter object contains the following fields:
 <ul>
 <li><b>id</b> - Long - The ID that is automatically generated for the filter. The ID is unique for each filter that is created.</li>
 <li><b>name</b> - String - The name of the filter that is supplied by the user.</li>
 <li><b>host_id</b> - Long - The ID of the managed host for the filter. If the ID is null, the filter applies to all hosts in the deployment.</li>
 <li><b>device_name</b> - String - The network device for the filter. If the name is null, the filter applies to all devices.</li>
 <li><b>source_port</b> - Integer - The source port for the filter.</li>
 <li><b>source_port_mask</b> - Integer - The source port mask for the filter.</li>
 <li><b>source_cidr</b> - String - The source CIDR for the filter.</li>
 <li><b>destination_port</b> - Integer - 	The destination port for the filter.</li>
 <li><b>destination_port_mask</b> - Integer - The destination port mask for the filter.</li>
 <li><b>destination_cidr</b> - String - The destination CIDR for the filter.</li>
 <li><b>match_all</b> - Boolean - Indicates whether the filter matches all incoming packets by priority level. The default is false, and can be set to true.</li>
 <li><b>created_by</b> - String - The created_by field is automatically populated with USER, QRADAR-SAF, QRADAR-SF or QRADAR-AQS-PRIO.</li>
 </ul></p>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<title>Response Sample</title>
<codeblock>
{
    "configuration_id": 42,
    "created_by": "String",
    "destination_cidr": "String",
    "destination_port": 42,
    "destination_port_mask": 42,
    "device_name": "String",
    "host_id": 42,
    "hostname": "String",
    "id": 42,
    "match_all": true,
    "name": "String",
    "partner_id": 42,
    "source_cidr": "String",
    "source_port": 42,
    "source_port_mask": 42
}
</codeblock>
</refsyn>
</refbody>
</reference>