<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Reference//EN" "dtd/ibm-reference.dtd">
<reference id="api-17.0--config-event_sources-log_source_management-log_source_groups-POST" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>POST /config/event_sources/log_source_management/log_source_groups</title>
<shortdesc>Creates a new log source group. A log source group contains the following fields: </shortdesc>
<prolog>
<metadata>
<keywords>
<apiname>/config/event_sources/log_source_management/log_source_groups</apiname>
<keyword>POST</keyword>
<keyword>API</keyword>
<keyword>REST API</keyword>
</keywords>
</metadata>
</prolog>
<refbody>
<refsyn>
<ul>
<li><b>id</b> - Long - The ID of the group.</li>
<li><b>name</b> - String - The name of the group.</li>
<li><b>description</b> - String - The description of the group.</li>
<li><b>parent_id</b> - Long - The ID of the group's parent group. The root node group has a null
parent_ID.</li>
<li><b>owner</b> - String - The name of the user who owns the group.</li>
<li><b>modification_date</b> - Long - The date and time (expressed as milliseconds since epoch) that
the group was last modified.</li>
<li><b>assignable</b> - Boolean - If log sources can be assigned to this group, the condition is set
to 'true'; otherwise, the condition is set to 'false'. Log sources cannot be assigned directly to
the "Other" group or to the root log source group node.</li>
<li><b>child_groups</b> - Array&lt;Long> - The list of IDs of any child log source groups that
belong to this group.</li>
</ul>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>POST /config/event_sources/log_source_management/log_source_groups resource details</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">POST /config/event_sources/log_source_management/log_source_groups resource details</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="1">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">MIME Type</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>application/json
</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>POST /config/event_sources/log_source_management/log_source_groups request parameter details</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">POST /config/event_sources/log_source_management/log_source_groups request parameter details</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="6">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col2" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col3" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col4" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col5" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col6" colwidth="2*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">Parameter</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Type</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Optionality</entry>
<entry colname="col4">Data Type</entry>
<entry colname="col5">MIME Type</entry>
<entry colname="col6">Description</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>fields</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>header</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Optional</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>String</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>Optional - Use this parameter to specify which fields you would like to get back in the response. Fields that are not named are excluded. Specify subfields in brackets and multiple fields in the same object are separated by commas.</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>POST /config/event_sources/log_source_management/log_source_groups request body details</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">POST /config/event_sources/log_source_management/log_source_groups request body details</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="5">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col2" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col3" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col4" colwidth="2*" />
<colspec colname="col5" colwidth="2*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">Parameter</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Data Type</entry>
<entry colname="col3">MIME Type</entry>
<entry colname="col4">Description</entry>
<entry colname="col5">Sample</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>log_source_data</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>Object</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>application/json</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>The log source to create.</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>{
    "description": "String",
    "name": "String",
    "parent_id": 42
}</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>POST /config/event_sources/log_source_management/log_source_groups response codes</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">POST /config/event_sources/log_source_management/log_source_groups response codes</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="3">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col2" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col3" colwidth="3*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">HTTP Response Code</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Unique Code</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Description</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>201</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p/></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>The log source was created successfully.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>403</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>1000</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>The endpoint cannot be used by users associated with a tenant.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>409</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>1001</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>The 'name' parameter must be unique.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>422</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>1002</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>The 'name' parameter is required.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>422</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>1003</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>The 'name' parameter must not exceed 255 characters.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>422</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>1004</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>The 'description' parameter must not exceed 255 characters.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>422</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>1005</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>The parent group was not found.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>500</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>1100</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>An error occurred during the attempt to create the log source.</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<title>Response Description</title>
<p>The newly created log source.</p>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<title>Response Sample</title>
<codeblock>
{
    "assignable": true,
    "child_group_ids": [
        42
    ],
    "description": "String",
    "id": 42,
    "modification_date": 42,
    "name": "String",
    "owner": "String",
    "parent_id": 42
}
</codeblock>
</refsyn>
</refbody>
</reference>