<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Reference//EN" "dtd/ibm-reference.dtd">
<reference id="api-17.0--config-event_sources-wincollect-wincollect_agents-GET" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>GET /config/event_sources/wincollect/wincollect_agents</title>
<shortdesc>Retrieves a list of WinCollect agents.</shortdesc>
<prolog>
<metadata>
<keywords>
<apiname>/config/event_sources/wincollect/wincollect_agents</apiname>
<keyword>GET</keyword>
<keyword>API</keyword>
<keyword>REST API</keyword>
</keywords>
</metadata>
</prolog>
<refbody>
<refsyn/>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>GET /config/event_sources/wincollect/wincollect_agents resource details</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">GET /config/event_sources/wincollect/wincollect_agents resource details</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="1">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">MIME Type</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>application/json
</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>GET /config/event_sources/wincollect/wincollect_agents request parameter details</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">GET /config/event_sources/wincollect/wincollect_agents request parameter details</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="6">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col2" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col3" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col4" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col5" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col6" colwidth="2*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">Parameter</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Type</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Optionality</entry>
<entry colname="col4">Data Type</entry>
<entry colname="col5">MIME Type</entry>
<entry colname="col6">Description</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>Range</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>header</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Optional</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>String</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>Optional - Use this parameter to restrict the number of elements that are returned in the list to a specified range. The list is indexed starting at zero.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>filter</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>query</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Optional</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>String</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>Optional - This parameter is used to restrict the elements in a list base on the contents of various fields.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>fields</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>query</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Optional</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>String</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>Optional - Use this parameter to specify which fields you would like to get back in the response. Fields that are not named are excluded. Specify subfields in brackets and multiple fields in the same object are separated by commas.</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>GET /config/event_sources/wincollect/wincollect_agents response codes</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">GET /config/event_sources/wincollect/wincollect_agents response codes</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="3">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col2" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col3" colwidth="3*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">HTTP Response Code</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Unique Code</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Description</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>422</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>1010</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>The supplied filter is invalid</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>500</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>1020</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>An internal server error has occurred.</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<title>Response Description</title>
<p>A List of WinCollectAgentDTOs
 <ul>
 <li><b>id</b>        - Integer   - ID of the WinCollect agent.</li>
 <li><b>name</b>        - String    - The name of the WinCollect agent.</li>
 <li><b>description</b>      - String   - An optional description of the WinCollect agent.</li>
 <li><b>host</b>        - String   - The IP address or hostname of the WinCollect agent.</li>
 <li><b>version</b>       - String   - The version of the WinCollect agent.</li>
 <li><b>os_version</b>      - String  - The operating system version of the host that the agent is running on.</li>
 <li><b>status</b>       - Enumeration  - The status of the agent in QRadar. Possible values are NO_COMMUNICATION_FROM_AGENT, RUNNING, STOPPED, or UNAVAILABLE (set when the Windows host reboots). </li>
 <li><b>enabled</b>       - Boolean   - Set to 'true' if the agent is enabled or running; otherwise, it is set to 'false' if the agent is deliberately disabled or turned off.</li>
 <li><b>autoupdates_enabled</b>    - Boolean   - Set to 'true' if the agent is allowed to autonomously request configuration and software updates from QRadar; otherwise, set to 'false' if the agent is not allowed to receive updates.</li>
 <li><b>autodiscovered</b>     - Boolean   - Set to 'true' if the agent was created when an agent registered with QRadar. Otherwise, set to 'false' if a user manually created the agent before the agent initiated communication.</li>
 <li><b>last_heartbeat_time</b>    - Long    - The date/time (in milliseconds since epoch) that a heartbeat signal from the agent was last received.</li>
 <li><b>last_config_generation_time</b>  - Long    - The date/time (in milliseconds since epoch) that the agent's configuration file was last generated in QRadar.</li>
 </ul></p>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<title>Response Sample</title>
<codeblock>
[
    {
        "autodiscovered": true,
        "autoupdates_enabled": true,
        "description": "String",
        "enabled": true,
        "host": "String",
        "id": 42,
        "last_config_generation_time": 42,
        "last_heartbeat_time": 42,
        "name": "String",
        "os_version": "String",
        "status": "String &lt;one of: NO_COMMUNICATION_FROM_AGENT, RUNNING, STOPPED, UNAVAILABLE, UNKNOWN&gt;",
        "version": "String"
    }
]
</codeblock>
</refsyn>
</refbody>
</reference>