<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Reference//EN" "dtd/ibm-reference.dtd">
<reference id="api-17.0--config-extension_management-extension_export_tasks-task_id-results-GET" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>GET /config/extension_management/extension_export_tasks/{task_id}/results</title>
<shortdesc>Retrieves the tasks status results based on the task_id.</shortdesc>
<prolog>
<metadata>
<keywords>
<apiname>/config/extension_management/extension_export_tasks/{task_id}/results</apiname>
<keyword>GET</keyword>
<keyword>API</keyword>
<keyword>REST API</keyword>
</keywords>
</metadata>
</prolog>
<refbody>
<refsyn>
<p>Retrieves the tasks status results based on the task_id.</p>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>GET /config/extension_management/extension_export_tasks/{task_id}/results resource details</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">GET /config/extension_management/extension_export_tasks/{task_id}/results resource details</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="1">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">MIME Type</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>application/json
</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>GET /config/extension_management/extension_export_tasks/{task_id}/results request parameter details</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">GET /config/extension_management/extension_export_tasks/{task_id}/results request parameter details</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="6">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col2" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col3" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col4" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col5" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col6" colwidth="2*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">Parameter</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Type</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Optionality</entry>
<entry colname="col4">Data Type</entry>
<entry colname="col5">MIME Type</entry>
<entry colname="col6">Description</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>task_id</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>path</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Required</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>Number (Integer)</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>null</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>fields</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>query</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Optional</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>String</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>Optional - Use this parameter to specify which fields you would like to get back in the response. Fields that are not named are excluded. Specify subfields in brackets and multiple fields in the same object are separated by commas.</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>GET /config/extension_management/extension_export_tasks/{task_id}/results response codes</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">GET /config/extension_management/extension_export_tasks/{task_id}/results response codes</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="3">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col2" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col3" colwidth="3*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">HTTP Response Code</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Unique Code</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Description</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>200</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p/></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>The requested results of the task status have been retrieved.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>404</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>22604</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>The task status for status_id cannot be found.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>404</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>22614</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>The task results are not available.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>422</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>22606</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>A supplied numeric parameter was not positive.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>500</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>22602</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>An error has occurred while trying to retrieve the results of a task status.</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<title>Response Description</title>
<p>A JSON object representing the result of an export task. It contains the following fields:
 <ul>
  <li><b>id</b> - Number - The ID of the extension.</li>
      <li><b>task_type</b> - String - The type of task that was issued against the Extension.</li>
      <li><b>exportResult</b> - Array - An array of JSON objects representing the contents of the extension and what action is associated with each content item for the task that was executed. Each content item contains the following fields:
       <ul>
        <li><b>progress</b> - Number - The number of exported items.</li>
        <li><b>fileName</b> - String - The name of the exported extension.</li>
        <li><b>exportDetails</b> - JSON Array - The name of the type of the content item.<ul>
<li><b>contentType</b> - String - The name of the exported content type.</li>
<li><b>contentNames</b> - String Array - The name of the exported content type items.</li>
</ul></li>
       </ul>
      </li>
  </ul></p>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<title>Response Sample</title>
<codeblock>
{
  "id": 56,
  "task_type": "EXPORT",
  "exportResult": [
    "progress":120,
    "fileName":"..../fileName.zip",
    "exportDetails":[
     {
       "contentType": "sensordevicetype",
       "name": ["3com","windows"]
     }
  ]
  ]
}
</codeblock>
</refsyn>
</refbody>
</reference>