<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Reference//EN" "dtd/ibm-reference.dtd">
<reference id="api-17.0--forensics-case_management-case_create_tasks-id-GET" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>GET /forensics/case_management/case_create_tasks/{id}</title>
<shortdesc>Retrieves a case create task based on the supplied id.</shortdesc>
<prolog>
<metadata>
<keywords>
<apiname>/forensics/case_management/case_create_tasks/{id}</apiname>
<keyword>GET</keyword>
<keyword>API</keyword>
<keyword>REST API</keyword>
</keywords>
</metadata>
</prolog>
<refbody>
<refsyn>
<p>Retrieves a case create task based on the supplied id.</p>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>GET /forensics/case_management/case_create_tasks/{id} resource details</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">GET /forensics/case_management/case_create_tasks/{id} resource details</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="1">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">MIME Type</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>application/json
</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>GET /forensics/case_management/case_create_tasks/{id} request parameter details</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">GET /forensics/case_management/case_create_tasks/{id} request parameter details</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="6">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col2" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col3" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col4" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col5" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col6" colwidth="2*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">Parameter</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Type</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Optionality</entry>
<entry colname="col4">Data Type</entry>
<entry colname="col5">MIME Type</entry>
<entry colname="col6">Description</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>id</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>path</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Required</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>Number (Integer)</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>Required - The id of the case create task to retrieve.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>fields</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>query</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Optional</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>String</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>Optional - Use this parameter to specify which fields you would like to get back in the response. Fields that are not named are excluded. Specify subfields in brackets and multiple fields in the same object are separated by commas.</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>GET /forensics/case_management/case_create_tasks/{id} response codes</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">GET /forensics/case_management/case_create_tasks/{id} response codes</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="3">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col2" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col3" colwidth="3*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">HTTP Response Code</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Unique Code</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Description</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>200</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p/></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>The case create task was retrieved.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>404</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>1002</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>No case create task was found for the provided ID.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>500</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>1020</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>An error occurred during the retrieval of the case create task.</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<title>Response Description</title>
<p>A case create task containing the following fields:
 <ul>
 <li><b>assigned_to</b> - String Array - Usernames of users to give access to the case once it is created.  Users must have the FORENSICS role.  Authorized services are not allowed.</li>
 <li><b>case_id</b> - Long - ID for the created case .</li>
 <li><b>case_name</b> - String - Name to give the created case.</li>
 <li><b>id</b> - Long - ID for the case create task.</li>
 <li><b>status</b> - String - Possible values are:<ul>
<li><b>COMPLETE</b> - The case has been created across all managed hosts.</li>
<li><b>PARTIALLY_COMPLETE</b> - The case was created on at least one managed host, but not all of
them. The case is considered to be usable, but functionality might be limited. This usually means
one or more managed hosts are down and the case is not created yet. The task completes after all
offending managed hosts either complete the task, or are removed from the deployment.</li>
<li><b>PROCESSING</b> - The task has been picked up by QRadar and is actively being processed. Cases
are being created on the managed hosts.</li>
<li><b>WAITING</b> - The task is waiting for its time to be processed. Nothing is being done at this
time.</li>
</ul></li>
 </ul></p>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<title>Response Sample</title>
<codeblock>
{
    "assigned_to": [
        "String"
    ],
    "case_id": 42,
    "id": 42,
    "name": "String",
    "state": "String &lt;one of: COMPLETE, PARTIALLY_COMPLETE, PROCESSING, WAITING&gt;"
}
</codeblock>
</refsyn>
</refbody>
</reference>