<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Reference//EN" "dtd/ibm-reference.dtd">
<reference id="api-17.0--config-access-users-GET" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>GET /config/access/users</title>
<shortdesc>Retrieve Deployed Users.</shortdesc>
<prolog>
<metadata>
<keywords>
<apiname>/config/access/users</apiname>
<keyword>GET</keyword>
<keyword>API</keyword>
<keyword>REST API</keyword>
</keywords>
</metadata>
</prolog>
<refbody>
<refsyn>
<p>Retrieves a list of all deployed users. The deployed configuration is the active configuration.
 
 This endpoint is available to be called by every user or authorized service. If called by a user or authorized service with the ADMIN capability, all deployed users will be returned. If called by a user or authorized service with the SAASADMIN capability, all deployed users without the ADMIN capability will be returned. If called by anyone else, only the deployed user for the current user will be returned.</p>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>GET /config/access/users resource details</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">GET /config/access/users resource details</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="1">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">MIME Type</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>application/json
</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>GET /config/access/users request parameter details</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">GET /config/access/users request parameter details</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="6">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col2" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col3" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col4" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col5" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col6" colwidth="2*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">Parameter</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Type</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Optionality</entry>
<entry colname="col4">Data Type</entry>
<entry colname="col5">MIME Type</entry>
<entry colname="col6">Description</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>current_user</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>query</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Optional</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>Boolean</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>Only return the caller's user. If called with an authorized service no user will be returned.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>Range</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>header</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Optional</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>String</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>Optional - Use this parameter to restrict the number of elements that are returned in the list to a specified range. The list is indexed starting at zero.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>fields</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>query</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Optional</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>String</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>Optional - Use this parameter to specify which fields you would like to get back in the response. Fields that are not named are excluded. Specify subfields in brackets and multiple fields in the same object are separated by commas.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>filter</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>query</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Optional</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>String</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>Optional - This parameter is used to restrict the elements in a list base on the contents of various fields.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>sort</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>query</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Optional</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>String</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>Optional - This parameter is used to sort the elements in a list.</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>GET /config/access/users response codes</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">GET /config/access/users response codes</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="3">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col2" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col3" colwidth="3*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">HTTP Response Code</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Unique Code</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Description</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>200</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p/></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>The deployed users were retrieved.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>422</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>38314001</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Field in sort parameter does not exist.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>422</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>38314002</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Sorting not supported on field in sort parameter.</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<title>Response Description</title>
<p>Returns an array of user structures.
 <ul>
 <li><b>id</b> - Long - The ID of the user. The ID of the staged user and the ID of the same deployed user are the same. This field is read only.</li>
 <li><b>username</b> - String - The username of the user. This field is read only.</li>
 <li><b>email</b> - String - The email of the user.</li>
 <li><b>description</b> - String - The description of the user. This field is only modifiable in the staged configuration.</li>
 <li><b>user_role_id</b> - Long - The user_role_id of the user. This field is only modifiable in the staged configuration. Access staged user roles using /api/staged_config/user_roles API, and deployed user roles under /api/confg/user_roles API.</li>
 <li><b>security_profile_id</b> - Long - The security_profile_id of the user. This field is only modifiable in the staged configuration. Access staged security profiles using /api/staged_config/security_profiles API, and deployed user roles under /api/config/security_profiles API.</li>
 <li><b>locale_id</b> - String - The locale_id of the user. Access locales using /system/information/locales API.</li>
 <li><b>enable_popup_notifications</b> - Boolean - Indicates if popup system notifications are enabled for this user.</li>
 <li><b>old_password</b> - String - This field will always be null when returned in a response. Required to be set to the current password when a user is changing their own system password.</li>
 <li><b>password</b> - String - This field will always be null when returned in a response. Set to the new password when a user is changing their own system password.</li>
 <li><b>password_creation_time</b> - Long - The time in milliseconds since epoch when the current password was created. Combined with the password_expiry_interval from the /system/authorization/password_policies API to calculate when the password expires.</li>
 <li><b>tenant_id</b> - Long - The tenant_id of the current user. This field is only modifiable in the staged configuration. Access tenants using /config/access/tenant_management/tenants API.</li>
 <li><b>allow_system_authentication_fallback</b> - Boolean - Allow system authentication fallback for this user when external authentication is configured. Has no effect if system authentication is configured.</li>
 <li><b>inactivity_timeout</b> - Long - The inactivity timeout (in milliseconds), truncated to minutes. Set to 0 if a user should not be logged out after being inactive.</li>
 </ul></p>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<title>Response Sample</title>
<codeblock>
[
    {
        "allow_system_authentication_fallback": true,
        "description": "String",
        "email": "String",
        "enable_popup_notifications": true,
        "id": 42,
        "inactivity_timeout": 42,
        "locale_id": "String",
        "old_password": "String",
        "password": "String",
        "password_creation_time": 42,
        "security_profile_id": 42,
        "tenant_id": 42,
        "user_role_id": 42,
        "username": "String"
    }
]
</codeblock>
</refsyn>
</refbody>
</reference>