<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Reference//EN" "dtd/ibm-reference.dtd">
<reference id="api-17.0--analytics-custom_actions-actions-GET" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>GET /analytics/custom_actions/actions</title>
<shortdesc>Retrieves a list of available custom actions.</shortdesc>
<prolog>
<metadata>
<keywords>
<apiname>/analytics/custom_actions/actions</apiname>
<keyword>GET</keyword>
<keyword>API</keyword>
<keyword>REST API</keyword>
</keywords>
</metadata>
</prolog>
<refbody>
<refsyn>
<p>Retrieves a list of available custom actions.</p>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>GET /analytics/custom_actions/actions resource details</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">GET /analytics/custom_actions/actions resource details</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="1">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">MIME Type</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>application/json
</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>GET /analytics/custom_actions/actions request parameter details</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">GET /analytics/custom_actions/actions request parameter details</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="6">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col2" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col3" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col4" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col5" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col6" colwidth="2*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">Parameter</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Type</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Optionality</entry>
<entry colname="col4">Data Type</entry>
<entry colname="col5">MIME Type</entry>
<entry colname="col6">Description</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>Range</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>header</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Optional</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>String</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>Optional - Use this parameter to restrict the number of elements that are returned in the list to a specified range. The list is indexed starting at zero.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>fields</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>query</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Optional</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>String</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>Optional - Use this parameter to specify which fields you would like to get back in the response. Fields that are not named are excluded. Specify subfields in brackets and multiple fields in the same object are separated by commas.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>filter</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>query</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Optional</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>String</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>Optional - This parameter is used to restrict the elements in a list base on the contents of various fields.</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>GET /analytics/custom_actions/actions response codes</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">GET /analytics/custom_actions/actions response codes</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="3">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col2" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col3" colwidth="3*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">HTTP Response Code</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Unique Code</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Description</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>200</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p/></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>The requested list of custom actions have been successfully retrieved.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>500</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>1020</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>An internal server error occurred while retrieving custom actions.</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<title>Response Description</title>
<p>Array of available custom actions which in turn contain the following fields:
 <ul>
 		<li><b>id</b> - Number - Unique ID of the custom action within the QRadar deployment.</li>
 		<li><b>name</b> - String - Unique name of the custom action within the QRadar deployment.</li>
 		<li><b>description</b> - String - Optional description attached to the custom action.</li>
 		<li><b>interpreter</b> - Number - Unique ID of the custom action interpreter used by the custom action.</li>
 		<li><b>script</b> - Number - Unique ID of the custom action script used by the custom action.</li>
 		<li><b>parameters</b> - Array - Array of custom action parameters contained within the custom action. Each Custom action parameter has the following fields:
 			<ul>
 				<li><b>name</b> - String - Name of the custom action parameter. Unique in the context of the parent custom action.</li>
 				<li><b>parameter_type</b> - String - Custom action parameter type. Can be either <i>fixed</i> or <i>dynamic</i>.</li>
 				<li><b>encrypted</b> - Boolean - Designates whether the custom action parameter value field is stored in an encrypted state.<i>True</i> if encrypted, <i>false</i> otherwise.</li>
 				<li><b>value</b> - String - Value of the custom action parameter.</li>
 			</ul>
 		</li>
 </ul></p>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<title>Response Sample</title>
<codeblock>
[
    {
        "description": "String",
        "id": 42,
        "interpreter": 42,
        "name": "String",
        "parameters": [
            {
                "encrypted": true,
                "name": "String",
                "parameter_type": "String",
                "value": "String"
            }
        ],
        "script": 42
    }
]
</codeblock>
</refsyn>
</refbody>
</reference>