<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Reference//EN" "dtd/ibm-reference.dtd">
<reference id="api-17.0--config-flow_retention_buckets-GET" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>GET /config/flow_retention_buckets</title>
<shortdesc>Retrieves a list of flow retention buckets.</shortdesc>
<prolog>
<metadata>
<keywords>
<apiname>/config/flow_retention_buckets</apiname>
<keyword>GET</keyword>
<keyword>API</keyword>
<keyword>REST API</keyword>
</keywords>
</metadata>
</prolog>
<refbody>
<refsyn>
<p>Retrieves a list of flow retention buckets.</p>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>GET /config/flow_retention_buckets resource details</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">GET /config/flow_retention_buckets resource details</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="1">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">MIME Type</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>application/json
</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>GET /config/flow_retention_buckets request parameter details</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">GET /config/flow_retention_buckets request parameter details</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="6">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col2" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col3" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col4" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col5" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col6" colwidth="2*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">Parameter</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Type</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Optionality</entry>
<entry colname="col4">Data Type</entry>
<entry colname="col5">MIME Type</entry>
<entry colname="col6">Description</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>Range</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>header</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Optional</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>String</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>Optional - Use this parameter to restrict the number of elements that are returned in the list to a specified range. The list is indexed starting at zero.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>fields</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>query</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Optional</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>String</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>Optional - Use this parameter to specify which fields you would like to get back in the response. Fields that are not named are excluded. Specify subfields in brackets and multiple fields in the same object are separated by commas.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>filter</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>query</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Optional</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>String</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>Optional - This parameter is used to restrict the elements in a list base on the contents of various fields.</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>GET /config/flow_retention_buckets response codes</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">GET /config/flow_retention_buckets response codes</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="3">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col2" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col3" colwidth="3*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">HTTP Response Code</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Unique Code</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Description</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>200</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p/></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>The flow retention buckets were retrieved.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>422</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>1010</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>A request parameter is not valid.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>500</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>1020</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>An error occurred during the attempt to retrieve the flow retention buckets.</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<title>Response Description</title>
<p>An array of Retention Bucket objects. An Retention Bucket object contains the following fields:
 <ul>
 <li><b>id</b> - Integer - The ID of the retention bucket.</li>
 <li><b>bucket_id</b> - Integer - The Bucket ID of the retention bucket. ( 0 - 10 )</li>
 <li><b>priority</b> - Integer - The priority of the retention bucket. ( 0 - 10 ).</li>
 <li><b>name</b> - String - The name of the retention bucket.</li>
 <li><b>database</b> - String - The database of the retention bucket, EVENTS or FLOWS.</li>
 <li><b>description</b> - String - The description of the retention bucket.</li>
 <li><b>period</b> - Integer - The retention period in hours.</li>
 <li><b>delete</b> - String - The delete protocol of the retention bucket, IMMEDIATELY or ON_DEMAND.</li>
 <li><b>created</b> - Long - The time in milliseconds since epoch since the retention bucket was created.</li>
 <li><b>modified</b> - Long - The time in milliseconds since epoch since the retention bucket was last modified.</li>
 <li><b>saved_search_id</b> - String - The ID of the saved search used by the retention bucket.</li>
 <li><b>enabled</b> - Boolean - True if the retention bucket is enabled.</li>
 </ul></p>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<title>Response Sample</title>
<codeblock>
[
    {
        "bucket_id": 42,
        "created": 42,
        "database": "String",
        "deletion": "String &lt;one of: ON_DEMAND, IMMEDIATELY&gt;",
        "description": "String",
        "enabled": true,
        "id": 42,
        "modified": 42,
        "name": "String",
        "period": 42,
        "priority": 42,
        "saved_search_id": "String"
    }
]
</codeblock>
</refsyn>
</refbody>
</reference>