<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Reference//EN" "dtd/ibm-reference.dtd">
<reference id="api-17.0--config-extension_management-extensions-extension_id-POST" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>POST /config/extension_management/extensions/{extension_id}</title>
<shortdesc>Install an extension based on the supplied extension_id. This is an asynchronous action.</shortdesc>
<prolog>
<metadata>
<keywords>
<apiname>/config/extension_management/extensions/{extension_id}</apiname>
<keyword>POST</keyword>
<keyword>API</keyword>
<keyword>REST API</keyword>
</keywords>
</metadata>
</prolog>
<refbody>
<refsyn>
<p>Installs the Extension corresponding to the supplied extension_id. Alternatively
 can be used to preview an Extension, showing what values would be applied if the
 Extension was installed.</p>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>POST /config/extension_management/extensions/{extension_id} resource details</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">POST /config/extension_management/extensions/{extension_id} resource details</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="1">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">MIME Type</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>application/json
</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>POST /config/extension_management/extensions/{extension_id} request parameter details</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">POST /config/extension_management/extensions/{extension_id} request parameter details</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="6">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col2" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col3" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col4" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col5" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col6" colwidth="2*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">Parameter</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Type</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Optionality</entry>
<entry colname="col4">Data Type</entry>
<entry colname="col5">MIME Type</entry>
<entry colname="col6">Description</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>extension_id</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>path</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Required</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>Number (Integer)</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>Required - The id of the extension.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>action_type</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>query</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Required</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>String</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>Required - The desired action to take on the Extension (INSTALL or PREVIEW)</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>overwrite</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>query</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Optional</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>Boolean</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>Optional - If true, any existing items on the importing system will be overwritten if the extension contains the same items. If false, existing items will be preserved, and the corresponding items in the extension will be skipped.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>fields</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>query</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Optional</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>String</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>Optional - Use this parameter to specify which fields you would like to get back in the response. Fields that are not named are excluded. Specify subfields in brackets and multiple fields in the same object are separated by commas.</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>POST /config/extension_management/extensions/{extension_id} response codes</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">POST /config/extension_management/extensions/{extension_id} response codes</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="3">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col2" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col3" colwidth="3*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">HTTP Response Code</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Unique Code</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Description</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>202</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p/></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>The requested install or preview task has been started.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>404</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>22603</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>The requested extension cannot be found.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>404</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>22604</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>The task status for status_id cannot be found.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>409</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>22612</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>The supplied extension cannot be installed/previewed because it is already installed</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>409</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>22611</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>The supplied extension cannot be installed/previewed because it is already in the process of being installed/previewed.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>409</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>22618</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>The requested task can not be initiated because another preview/install task is already in progress.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>422</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>22605</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>The supplied action type is invalid</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>422</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>22606</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>A supplied numeric parameter was not positive.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>500</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>22602</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>An error has occurred while trying to install or preview the requested extension.</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<title>Response Description</title>
<p>A JSON string depicting the accepted task for previewing/installing an extension:
  <ul>
   <li><b>status_id</b> - Number - id of the task status.</li>
   <li><b>message</b> - String - description of the accepted task.</li>
      <li><b>status_location</b> - String - the url of the task status.</li>
  </ul></p>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<title>Response Sample</title>
<codeblock>
{
 "status_id": 25,
 "message": "Installing an extension",
 "status_location": "https://10.10.10.10/console/restapi/api/config/extension_management/extensions_task_status/25"
}
</codeblock>
</refsyn>
</refbody>
</reference>