<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Reference//EN" "dtd/ibm-reference.dtd">
<reference id="api-17.0--health-metrics-qradar_metrics-id-GET" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>GET /health/metrics/qradar_metrics/{id}</title>
<shortdesc>Retrieves the QRadar health metric identified by ID.</shortdesc>
<prolog>
<metadata>
<keywords>
<apiname>/health/metrics/qradar_metrics/{id}</apiname>
<keyword>GET</keyword>
<keyword>API</keyword>
<keyword>REST API</keyword>
</keywords>
</metadata>
</prolog>
<refbody>
<refsyn>
<p>Retrieves the QRadar health metric identified by ID.</p>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>GET /health/metrics/qradar_metrics/{id} resource details</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">GET /health/metrics/qradar_metrics/{id} resource details</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="1">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">MIME Type</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>application/json
</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>GET /health/metrics/qradar_metrics/{id} request parameter details</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">GET /health/metrics/qradar_metrics/{id} request parameter details</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="6">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col2" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col3" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col4" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col5" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col6" colwidth="2*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">Parameter</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Type</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Optionality</entry>
<entry colname="col4">Data Type</entry>
<entry colname="col5">MIME Type</entry>
<entry colname="col6">Description</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>id</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>path</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Required</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>String</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>The metric_id of the metric to get.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>fields</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>query</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Optional</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>String</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>Optional - Use this parameter to specify which fields you would like to get back in the response. Fields that are not named are excluded. Specify subfields in brackets and multiple fields in the same object are separated by commas.</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>GET /health/metrics/qradar_metrics/{id} response codes</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">GET /health/metrics/qradar_metrics/{id} response codes</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="3">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col2" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col3" colwidth="3*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">HTTP Response Code</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Unique Code</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Description</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>200</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p/></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>The QRadar resource defined by the QRadarMetric DTO.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>404</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>1013</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>404 The metric identified by metric_id does not exist.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>500</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>1020</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>500 Internal Server Error.</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<title>Response Description</title>
<p>The QRadar resource defined by the QRadarMetric DTO.
 <ul>
 <li><b>Id</b> - String - Unique ID of the metric.</li>
 <li><b>time_resolution</b> - Long - Time frequency in milliseconds at which the metric is polled.</li>
 <li><b>component_name</b> - String - QRadar component name to query the mbean.</li>
 <li><b>component_type</b> - Enumeration - QRadar component type to query the mbean.</li>
 <li><b>enabled</b> - String - Boolean to represent if the metric is enabled or not.</li>
 </ul></p>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<title>Response Sample</title>
<codeblock>
{
    "component_name": "String",
    "component_type": "String &lt;one of: ACCUMULATOR, ARIEL_PROXY_SERVER, ARIEL_QUERY_SERVER, ARC_BUILDER, ASSETPROFILER, ECS_EP, ECS_EC, ECS_EC_INGRESS, HISTORICAL_CORRELATION_SERVER, HOSTCONTEXT, OFFLINE_FORWARDER, QVMPROCESSOR, REPORTING_EXECUTOR, TOMCAT, JAVA&gt;",
    "enabled": true,
    "metric_id": "String",
    "time_resolution": 42
}
</codeblock>
</refsyn>
</refbody>
</reference>