<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Reference//EN" "dtd/ibm-reference.dtd">
<reference id="api-17.0--siem-source_addresses-GET" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>GET /siem/source_addresses</title>
<shortdesc>Retrieve a list offense source addresses currently in the system.</shortdesc>
<prolog>
<metadata>
<keywords>
<apiname>/siem/source_addresses</apiname>
<keyword>GET</keyword>
<keyword>API</keyword>
<keyword>REST API</keyword>
</keywords>
</metadata>
</prolog>
<refbody>
<refsyn>
<p>Retrieve a list offense source addresses currently in the system.</p>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>GET /siem/source_addresses resource details</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">GET /siem/source_addresses resource details</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="1">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">MIME Type</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>application/json
</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>GET /siem/source_addresses request parameter details</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">GET /siem/source_addresses request parameter details</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="6">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col2" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col3" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col4" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col5" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col6" colwidth="2*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">Parameter</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Type</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Optionality</entry>
<entry colname="col4">Data Type</entry>
<entry colname="col5">MIME Type</entry>
<entry colname="col6">Description</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>Range</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>header</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Optional</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>String</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>Optional - Use this parameter to restrict the number of elements that are returned in the list to a specified range. The list is indexed starting at zero.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>fields</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>query</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Optional</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>String</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>Optional - Use this parameter to specify which fields you would like to get back in the response. Fields that are not named are excluded. Specify subfields in brackets and multiple fields in the same object are separated by commas.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>filter</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>query</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Optional</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>String</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>Optional - This parameter is used to restrict the elements in a list base on the contents of various fields.</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>GET /siem/source_addresses response codes</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">GET /siem/source_addresses response codes</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="3">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col2" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col3" colwidth="3*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">HTTP Response Code</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Unique Code</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Description</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>200</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p/></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>The source address list was retrieved.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>422</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>1005</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>A request parameter is not valid.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>422</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>1010</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>The filter parameter is not valid.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>500</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>1020</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>An error occurred while the source address list was being retrieved.</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<title>Response Description</title>
<p>An array of source address objects.  A source address object contains the following fields:
 <ul>
 <li><b>id</b> - Number - The ID of the source.</li>
 <li><b>source_ip</b> - String - The IP address.</li>
 <li><b>magnitude</b> - Number - The magnitude of the source address.</li>
 <li><b>network</b> - String - The network of the source address.</li>
 <li><b>offense_ids</b> - Array of Numbers - List of offense IDs the source is part of.</li>
 <li><b>local_destination_address_ids</b> - Array of Numbers - List of local destination address IDs associated with the source address.</li>
 <li><b>event_flow_count</b> - Number - The number of events and flows that are associated with the source.</li>
 <li><b>first_event_flow_seen</b> - Number - The number of milliseconds since epoch when the first event or flow was seen.</li>
 <li><b>last_event_flow_seen</b> - Number - The number of milliseconds since epoch when the last event or flow was seen.</li>
 <li><b>domain_id</b> - Number - The ID of associated domain.</li>
 </ul></p>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<title>Response Sample</title>
<codeblock>
[
    {
        "domain_id": 42,
        "event_flow_count": 42,
        "first_event_flow_seen": 42,
        "id": 42,
        "last_event_flow_seen": 42,
        "local_destination_address_ids": [
            42
        ],
        "magnitude": 42,
        "network": "String",
        "offense_ids": [
            42
        ],
        "source_ip": "String"
    }
]
</codeblock>
</refsyn>
</refbody>
</reference>