<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Reference//EN" "dtd/ibm-reference.dtd">
<reference id="api-17.0--gui_app_framework-application_creation_task-GET" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>GET /gui_app_framework/application_creation_task</title>
<shortdesc>Retrieves the status of all application installs.</shortdesc>
<prolog>
<metadata>
<keywords>
<apiname>/gui_app_framework/application_creation_task</apiname>
<keyword>GET</keyword>
<keyword>API</keyword>
<keyword>REST API</keyword>
</keywords>
</metadata>
</prolog>
<refbody>
<refsyn>
<p>Retrieves the status of all application installs.</p>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>GET /gui_app_framework/application_creation_task resource details</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">GET /gui_app_framework/application_creation_task resource details</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="1">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">MIME Type</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>application/json
</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>GET /gui_app_framework/application_creation_task request parameter details</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">GET /gui_app_framework/application_creation_task request parameter details</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="6">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col2" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col3" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col4" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col5" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col6" colwidth="2*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">Parameter</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Type</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Optionality</entry>
<entry colname="col4">Data Type</entry>
<entry colname="col5">MIME Type</entry>
<entry colname="col6">Description</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>filter</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>query</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Optional</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>String</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>Optional - This parameter is used to restrict the elements in a list base on the contents of various fields.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>fields</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>query</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Optional</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>String</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>Optional - Use this parameter to specify which fields you would like to get back in the response. Fields that are not named are excluded. Specify subfields in brackets and multiple fields in the same object are separated by commas.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>Range</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>header</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Optional</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>String</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>Optional - Use this parameter to restrict the number of elements that are returned in the list to a specified range. The list is indexed starting at zero.</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>GET /gui_app_framework/application_creation_task response codes</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">GET /gui_app_framework/application_creation_task response codes</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="3">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col2" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col3" colwidth="3*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">HTTP Response Code</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Unique Code</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Description</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>200</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p/></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Status list was retrieved.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>409</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>33700</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>The application framework is currently disabled.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>500</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>1020</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>The request could not be completed.</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<title>Response Description</title>
<p>A list of installation status details. For a description of what each list entry contains,
         see /application_creation_task/{application_id}.</p>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<title>Response Sample</title>
<codeblock>
[
    {
        "application_id": 42,
        "error_messages": "String",
        "error_messages_json": [
            {
                "code": "String",
                "message": "String",
                "source": "String"
            }
        ],
        "status": "String &lt;one of: CREATING, UPGRADING, STOPPING, STARTING, AUTH_REQUIRED, COMPLETED, CANCELLED, DELETING, ERROR, UNKNOWN&gt;"
    }
]
</codeblock>
</refsyn>
</refbody>
</reference>