<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Reference//EN" "dtd/ibm-reference.dtd">
<reference id="api-17.0--siem-offense_types-GET" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>GET /siem/offense_types</title>
<shortdesc>Retrieve all the Offense Types</shortdesc>
<prolog>
<metadata>
<keywords>
<apiname>/siem/offense_types</apiname>
<keyword>GET</keyword>
<keyword>API</keyword>
<keyword>REST API</keyword>
</keywords>
</metadata>
</prolog>
<refbody>
<refsyn>
<p>Retrieve all offense types.</p>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>GET /siem/offense_types resource details</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">GET /siem/offense_types resource details</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="1">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">MIME Type</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>application/json
</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>GET /siem/offense_types request parameter details</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">GET /siem/offense_types request parameter details</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="6">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col2" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col3" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col4" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col5" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col6" colwidth="2*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">Parameter</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Type</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Optionality</entry>
<entry colname="col4">Data Type</entry>
<entry colname="col5">MIME Type</entry>
<entry colname="col6">Description</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>Range</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>header</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Optional</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>String</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>Optional - Use this parameter to restrict the number of elements that are returned in the list to a specified range. The list is indexed starting at zero.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>fields</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>query</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Optional</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>String</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>Optional - Use this parameter to specify which fields you would like to get back in the response. Fields that are not named are excluded. Specify subfields in brackets and multiple fields in the same object are separated by commas.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>filter</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>query</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Optional</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>String</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>Optional - This parameter is used to restrict the elements in a list base on the contents of various fields.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>sort</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>query</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Optional</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>String</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>Optional - This parameter is used to sort the elements in a list.</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>GET /siem/offense_types response codes</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">GET /siem/offense_types response codes</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="3">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col2" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col3" colwidth="3*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">HTTP Response Code</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Unique Code</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Description</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>200</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p/></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>The requested offense types list has been retrieved.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>422</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>1005</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>A request parameter is not valid.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>422</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>1010</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>The filter parameter is not valid.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>422</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>1012</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>The selected field cannot be used for sorting or it does not exist.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>500</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>1020</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>An error occurred while attempting to retrieve the offense type list.</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<title>Response Description</title>
<p>The Offense Types that exist at the moment. Offense types may include custom flow/event properties only if
 they have been selected as part of a rule action or rule response limiter.
 <ul>
 <li><b>id</b> - Number - The ID of the offense type and what is presented in the offense's offense_type. (Filterable. Sortable.)</li>
 <li><b>property_name</b> - String - The name of the event or flow property represented by this offense type for flow or event properties or the unique identifier for custom flow or event properties. (Filterable. Sortable.)</li>
 <li><b>name</b> - String - The offense type's name. (Filterable.)</li>
 <li><b>database_type</b> - String - Database where this type is present. Possible values are: EVENTS, FLOWS, or COMMON (if it belongs to both events and flows). (Filterable. Sortable.)</li>
 <li><b>custom</b> - boolean - True if the offense type is based on a custom flow or event property. (Filterable. Sortable.)</li>
 </ul>
 The following field can be sorted on: id.</p>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<title>Response Sample</title>
<codeblock>
[
    {
        "custom": true,
        "database_type": "String &lt;one of: EVENTS, FLOWS, COMMON&gt;",
        "id": 42,
        "name": "String",
        "property_name": "String"
    }
]
</codeblock>
</refsyn>
</refbody>
</reference>