<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Reference//EN" "dtd/ibm-reference.dtd">
<reference id="api-17.0--config-domain_management-domains-POST" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>POST /config/domain_management/domains</title>
<shortdesc>Creates a new domain.</shortdesc>
<prolog>
<metadata>
<keywords>
<apiname>/config/domain_management/domains</apiname>
<keyword>POST</keyword>
<keyword>API</keyword>
<keyword>REST API</keyword>
</keywords>
</metadata>
</prolog>
<refbody>
<refsyn>
<p>Creates a new domain.
 You must have the System Administrator or Security Administrator permissions to call this endpoint.</p>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>POST /config/domain_management/domains resource details</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">POST /config/domain_management/domains resource details</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="1">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">MIME Type</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>application/json
</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>POST /config/domain_management/domains request parameter details</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">POST /config/domain_management/domains request parameter details</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="6">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col2" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col3" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col4" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col5" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col6" colwidth="2*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">Parameter</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Type</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Optionality</entry>
<entry colname="col4">Data Type</entry>
<entry colname="col5">MIME Type</entry>
<entry colname="col6">Description</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>fields</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>header</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Optional</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>String</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>Optional - Use this parameter to specify which fields you would like to get back in the response. Fields that are not named are excluded. Specify subfields in brackets and multiple fields in the same object are separated by commas.</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>POST /config/domain_management/domains request body details</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">POST /config/domain_management/domains request body details</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="5">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col2" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col3" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col4" colwidth="2*" />
<colspec colname="col5" colwidth="2*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">Parameter</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Data Type</entry>
<entry colname="col3">MIME Type</entry>
<entry colname="col4">Description</entry>
<entry colname="col5">Sample</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>domain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>Object</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>application/json</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>Creates a new domain.
 <ul>
 <li><b>name</b> - String - The name of the new domain.</li>
 <li><b>description</b> - String - The description of the new domain</li>
 <li><b>tenant_id</b> - Integer - The tenant ID of the new domain.</li>
 <li><b>event_collector_ids</b> - Array of Longs - The list of event collector IDs for the new domain.</li>
 <li><b>log_source_ids</b> - Array of Longs - The list of log source IDs for the new domain.</li>
 <li><b>log_source_group_ids</b> - Array of Longs - The list of log source group IDs for the new domain.</li>
 <li><b>custom_properties</b> - Array of Custom Properties - The list of custom properties for the new domain.</li>
 <li><b>flow_source_ids</b> - Array of Longs - The list of flow source IDs for the new domain.</li>
 <li><b>flow_collector_ids</b> - Array of Longs - The list of flow source collector IDs for the new domain.</li>
 <li><b>asset_scanner_ids</b> - Array of Longs - The list of asset scanner IDs for the new domain.</li>
 <li><b>qvm_scanner_ids</b> - Array of Longs - The list of QVM scanner IDs for the new domain.</li>
 <li><b>flow_vlans_ids</b> - Array of Longs - The list of flow VLAN IDs for the new domain.</li>
 </ul></p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>{
  "asset_scanner_ids": [42],
  "custom_properties": [{"capture_result": "String", "id": 42}],
  "deleted": true,
  "description": "String",
  "event_collector_ids": [42],
  "flow_collector_ids": [42],
  "flow_source_ids": [42],
  "flow_vlan_ids": [42],
  "log_source_group_ids": [42],
  "log_source_ids": [42],
  "name": "String",
  "qvm_scanner_ids": [42],
  "tenant_id": 42
}</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>POST /config/domain_management/domains response codes</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">POST /config/domain_management/domains response codes</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="3">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col2" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col3" colwidth="3*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">HTTP Response Code</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Unique Code</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Description</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>201</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p/></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>The domain has been successfully created.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>409</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>1004</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>A domain object parameter already exists.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>422</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>1005</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>A domain object parameter is invalid.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>500</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>1020</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>An error occurred while the domain was being created.</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<title>Response Description</title>
<p>A created domain object.
 <ul>
 <li><b>id</b> - Integer - The ID of the domain.</li>
 <li><b>name</b> - String - The name of the domain.</li>
 <li><b>description</b> - String - The description given to the domain.</li>
 <li><b>tenant_id</b> - Integer - The ID of the tenant that this domain belongs to.</li>
 <li><b>deleted</b> - Boolean - Whether or not the domain has been deleted.</li>
 <li><b>event_collector_ids</b> - Array of Longs - The list of event collector IDs that are assigned to this domain.</li>
 <li><b>log_source_ids</b> - Array of Longs - The list of log source IDs that are assigned to this domain.</li>
 <li><b>log_source_group_ids</b> - Array of Longs - The list of log source group IDs that are assigned to this domain.</li>
 <li><b>custom_properties</b> - Array of Custom Properties - The list of custom properties that are assigned to this domain.</li>
 <li><b>flow_source_ids</b> - Array of Longs - The list of flow source IDs that are assigned to this domain.</li>
 <li><b>flow_collector_ids</b> - Array of Longs - The list of flow collector IDs that are assigned to this domain.</li>
 <li><b>asset_scanner_ids</b> - Array of Longs - The list of asset scanner IDs that are assigned to this domain.</li>
 <li><b>qvm_scanner_ids</b> - Array of Longs - The list of QVM scanner IDs that are assigned to this domain..</li>
 <li><b>flow_vlans_ids</b> - Array of Longs - The list of flow VLAN IDs that are assigned to this domain.</li>
 </ul></p>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<title>Response Sample</title>
<codeblock>
{
    "asset_scanner_ids": [
        42
    ],
    "custom_properties": [
        {
            "capture_result": "String",
            "id": 42
        }
    ],
    "deleted": true,
    "description": "String",
    "event_collector_ids": [
        42
    ],
    "flow_collector_ids": [
        42
    ],
    "flow_source_ids": [
        42
    ],
    "flow_vlan_ids": [
        42
    ],
    "id": 42,
    "log_source_group_ids": [
        42
    ],
    "log_source_ids": [
        42
    ],
    "name": "String",
    "qvm_scanner_ids": [
        42
    ],
    "tenant_id": 42
}
</codeblock>
</refsyn>
</refbody>
</reference>