<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Reference//EN" "dtd/ibm-reference.dtd">
<reference id="api-17.0--forensics-capture-recoveries-GET" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>GET /forensics/capture/recoveries</title>
<shortdesc>Retrieves a list of capture recoveries.</shortdesc>
<prolog>
<metadata>
<keywords>
<apiname>/forensics/capture/recoveries</apiname>
<keyword>GET</keyword>
<keyword>API</keyword>
<keyword>REST API</keyword>
</keywords>
</metadata>
</prolog>
<refbody>
<refsyn>
<p>Retrieves a list of recoveries.</p>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>GET /forensics/capture/recoveries resource details</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">GET /forensics/capture/recoveries resource details</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="1">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">MIME Type</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>application/json
</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>GET /forensics/capture/recoveries request parameter details</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">GET /forensics/capture/recoveries request parameter details</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="6">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col2" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col3" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col4" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col5" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col6" colwidth="2*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">Parameter</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Type</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Optionality</entry>
<entry colname="col4">Data Type</entry>
<entry colname="col5">MIME Type</entry>
<entry colname="col6">Description</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>filter</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>query</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Optional</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>String</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>Optional - This parameter is used to restrict the elements in a list base on the contents of various fields.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>Range</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>header</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Optional</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>String</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>Optional - Use this parameter to restrict the number of elements that are returned in the list to a specified range. The list is indexed starting at zero.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>fields</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>query</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Optional</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>String</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>Optional - Use this parameter to specify which fields you would like to get back in the response. Fields that are not named are excluded. Specify subfields in brackets and multiple fields in the same object are separated by commas.</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>GET /forensics/capture/recoveries response codes</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">GET /forensics/capture/recoveries response codes</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="3">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col2" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col3" colwidth="3*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">HTTP Response Code</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Unique Code</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Description</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>200</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p/></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>The Workflow Recovery Jobs were retrieved.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>500</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>1020</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>An error occurred while the recovery job list was being retrieved.</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<title>Response Description</title>
<p>A list of recoveries.  A recovery contains the following fields:
 <ul>
 <li><b>assigned_to</b> - String - The username of the user the recovery is assigned to.</li>
 <li><b>bpf</b> - String - The Berkeley Packet Filter to pass to the capture device.</li>
 <li><b>case_id</b> - String - ID of the case where the collection(s) are created.</li>
 <li><b>collection_name_suffix</b> - String - Suffix that is used to name the collection(s) to store the recovered data in.</li>
 <li><b>id</b> - Long - ID for the recovery.</li>
 <li><b>recovery_task_ids</b> - Long Array - IDs for all recovery tasks belonging to this recovery.</li>
 <li><b>recovery_window_end_time</b> - Long - End of time range for data recovery.</li>
 <li><b>recovery_window_start_time</b> - Long - Start of time range for data recovery.</li>
 <li><b>tags</b> - String - Identifiers applied to recovered data to assist with grouping when searching.  These are user supplied string identifiers that are used to mark the data so the user can easily look up the data later.</li>
 </ul></p>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<title>Response Sample</title>
<codeblock>
[
    {
        "assigned_to": "String",
        "bpf": "String",
        "case_id": 42,
        "collection_name_suffix": "String",
        "id": 42,
        "recovery_task_ids": [
            42
        ],
        "recovery_window_end_time": 42,
        "recovery_window_start_time": 42,
        "session_ids": [
            "String"
        ],
        "tags": [
            "String"
        ]
    }
]
</codeblock>
</refsyn>
</refbody>
</reference>