<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Reference//EN" "dtd/ibm-reference.dtd">
<reference id="api-17.0--services-dig_lookups-dig_lookup_id-GET" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>GET /services/dig_lookups/{dig_lookup_id}</title>
<shortdesc>Retrieves the DIG lookup status. The result is included if the lookup completed.</shortdesc>
<prolog>
<metadata>
<keywords>
<apiname>/services/dig_lookups/{dig_lookup_id}</apiname>
<keyword>GET</keyword>
<keyword>API</keyword>
<keyword>REST API</keyword>
</keywords>
</metadata>
</prolog>
<refbody>
<refsyn>
<p>Retrieves the DIG Lookup status and result.</p>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>GET /services/dig_lookups/{dig_lookup_id} resource details</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">GET /services/dig_lookups/{dig_lookup_id} resource details</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="1">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">MIME Type</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>application/json
</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>GET /services/dig_lookups/{dig_lookup_id} request parameter details</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">GET /services/dig_lookups/{dig_lookup_id} request parameter details</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="6">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col2" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col3" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col4" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col5" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col6" colwidth="2*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">Parameter</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Type</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Optionality</entry>
<entry colname="col4">Data Type</entry>
<entry colname="col5">MIME Type</entry>
<entry colname="col6">Description</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>dig_lookup_id</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>path</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Required</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>Number (Integer)</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>Required - The ID of the Dig lookup to be retrieved.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>fields</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>query</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Optional</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>String</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>Optional - Use this parameter to specify which fields you would like to get back in the response. Fields that are not named are excluded. Specify subfields in brackets and multiple fields in the same object are separated by commas.</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>GET /services/dig_lookups/{dig_lookup_id} response codes</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">GET /services/dig_lookups/{dig_lookup_id} response codes</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="3">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col2" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col3" colwidth="3*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">HTTP Response Code</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Unique Code</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Description</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>200</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p/></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>The DIG lookup Status was retrieved.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>404</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>1002</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>The DIG lookup status does not exist.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>500</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>1020</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>An error occurred during the attempt to retrieve the DIG lookup status.</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<title>Response Description</title>
<p>A DIG Lookup object, and the location header that is set to the task status url "/services/dig_lookups/{dig_lookup_id}". A DIG Lookup object contains the following fields:
 <ul>
 <li><b>id</b> - Long - The ID of the DIG lookup.</li>
 <li><b>ip</b> - String - The IP to investigate.</li>
 <li><b>message</b> - String - The result of the DIG lookup when complete.</li>
 <li><b>status</b> - String - The current state of the task.</li>
 </ul></p>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<title>Response Sample</title>
<codeblock>
{
    "id": 42,
    "ip": "String",
    "message": "String",
    "status": "String &lt;one of: CANCELLED, CANCELING, CANCEL_REQUESTED, COMPLETED, CONFLICT, EXCEPTION, INITIALIZING, INTERRUPTED, PAUSED, PROCESSING, QUEUED, RESUMING&gt;"
}
</codeblock>
</refsyn>
</refbody>
</reference>