<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Reference//EN" "dtd/ibm-reference.dtd">
<reference id="api-17.0--ariel-searches-search_id-POST" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>POST /ariel/searches/{search_id}</title>
<shortdesc>Updates an Ariel search.</shortdesc>
<prolog>
<metadata>
<keywords>
<apiname>/ariel/searches/{search_id}</apiname>
<keyword>POST</keyword>
<keyword>API</keyword>
<keyword>REST API</keyword>
</keywords>
</metadata>
</prolog>
<refbody>
<refsyn>
<p>Updates details for an Ariel search.  You can update searches in the following ways:  
 <ul>
 <li>To cancel an active search, set the <b>status</b> parameter to CANCELED. This stops
  the search and keeps any search results that were collected before the search was canceled.</li> 
 <li>The results for a completed search can be saved by setting the <b>save_results</b> parameter to true. 
  This ensures that the search is not automatically removed when it expires in accordance with the retention policy.</li> 
 </ul></p>
 
 <p>The Ariel server uses an internal retention policy to manage
 available disk space.  Searches might be deleted automatically, according to the settings of the retention policy. Searches with
 saved results are not automatically reclaimed by the server and are therefore retained. A search can be explicitly deleted by 
 using the DELETE /searches/{search_id} endpoint.</p>
 <p>Note:  Saving too many search results might result in insufficient disk space to process new searches.</p>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>POST /ariel/searches/{search_id} resource details</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">POST /ariel/searches/{search_id} resource details</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="1">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">MIME Type</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>application/json
</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>POST /ariel/searches/{search_id} request parameter details</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">POST /ariel/searches/{search_id} request parameter details</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="6">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col2" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col3" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col4" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col5" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col6" colwidth="2*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">Parameter</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Type</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Optionality</entry>
<entry colname="col4">Data Type</entry>
<entry colname="col5">MIME Type</entry>
<entry colname="col6">Description</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>search_id</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>path</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Required</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>String</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>Required. The ID of the search to update.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>status</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>query</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Optional</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>String</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>Optional. The only accepted value is CANCELED. If this value is provided, the search is canceled.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>save_results</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>query</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Optional</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>String</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>Optional. The only accepted value is true. If this value is provided, the search results are not deleted 
 by the search expiration removal process. If status parameter was provided, this parameter is not checked and silently ignored.</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>POST /ariel/searches/{search_id} response codes</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">POST /ariel/searches/{search_id} response codes</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="3">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col2" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col3" colwidth="3*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">HTTP Response Code</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Unique Code</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Description</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>200</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p/></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>The search was updated.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>404</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>1002</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>The search does not exist.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>422</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>1005</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>A request parameter is not valid.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>500</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>1020</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>An error occurred during the attempt to update the search.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>503</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>1010</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>The Ariel server might be temporarily unavailable or offline. Please try again later.</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<title>Response Description</title>
<p>Information about the specified search that was updated.</p>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<title>Response Sample</title>
<codeblock>
{
  "cursor_id": "s16",
  "compressed_data_file_count": 0,
  "compressed_data_total_size": 0,
  "data_file_count": 5470,
  "data_total_size": 67183115,
  "index_file_count": 0,
  "index_total_size": 0,
  "processed_record_count": 1256462,
  "error_messages": [
    {
      "code": "String",
      "contexts": [
        "String"
      ],
      "message": "String",
      "severity": "String &lt;one of: INFO, WARN, ERROR&gt;"
    }
  ],
  "desired_retention_time_msec": 86400000,
  "progress": 46,
  "progress_details": [
    0,
    0,
    0,
    0,
    66957,
    652657,
    76594,
    89809,
    86032,
    107729
  ],
  "query_execution_time": 1480,
  "query_string": "SELECT sourceip, starttime, qid, sourceport  from events into s16 where sourceip in (select destinationip from events) parameters snapshotsize=2, PROGRESSDETAILSRESOLUTION=10",
  "record_count": 1240923,
  "save_results": false,
  "status": "String &lt;one of: WAIT, EXECUTE, SORTING, COMPLETED, CANCELED, ERROR&gt;",
  "snapshot": {
    "events": [
      {
        "sourceip": "10.100.65.20",
        "starttime": 1467049610018,
        "qid": 10034,
        "sourceport": 13675
      },
      {
        "sourceip": "10.100.100.121",
        "starttime": 1467049610019,
        "qid": 20034,
        "sourceport": 80
      }
    ]
  },
  "subsearch_ids": [
     "sub_id_1"
   ],
  "search_id": "s16"
}
</codeblock>
</refsyn>
</refbody>
</reference>