<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Reference//EN" "dtd/ibm-reference.dtd">
<reference id="api-17.0--config-extension_management-extensions-POST" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>POST /config/extension_management/extensions</title>
<shortdesc>Uploads the supplied extension file to the QRadar system.</shortdesc>
<prolog>
<metadata>
<keywords>
<apiname>/config/extension_management/extensions</apiname>
<keyword>POST</keyword>
<keyword>API</keyword>
<keyword>REST API</keyword>
</keywords>
</metadata>
</prolog>
<refbody>
<refsyn>
<p>Requires the System Administrator or Security Admin permissions.
 Uploads the supplied extension file to the QRadar system.</p>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>POST /config/extension_management/extensions resource details</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">POST /config/extension_management/extensions resource details</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="1">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">MIME Type</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>application/json
</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>POST /config/extension_management/extensions request parameter details</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">POST /config/extension_management/extensions request parameter details</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="6">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col2" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col3" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col4" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col5" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col6" colwidth="2*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">Parameter</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Type</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Optionality</entry>
<entry colname="col4">Data Type</entry>
<entry colname="col5">MIME Type</entry>
<entry colname="col6">Description</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>fields</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>header</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Optional</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>String</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>Optional - Use this parameter to specify which fields you would like to get back in the response. Fields that are not named are excluded. Specify subfields in brackets and multiple fields in the same object are separated by commas.</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>POST /config/extension_management/extensions request body details</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">POST /config/extension_management/extensions request body details</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="5">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col2" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col3" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col4" colwidth="2*" />
<colspec colname="col5" colwidth="2*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">Parameter</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Data Type</entry>
<entry colname="col3">MIME Type</entry>
<entry colname="col4">Description</entry>
<entry colname="col5">Sample</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>file</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>File</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>application/x-gzip</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>Required - The Extension file. Must be a properly-formed QRadar extension/content export, either an XML file or an XML within a ZIP or TAR.GZ archive. Must be provided with MIME type application/xml, application/zip, application/x-gzip or multipart/form-data</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>File</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>POST /config/extension_management/extensions response codes</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">POST /config/extension_management/extensions response codes</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="3">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col2" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col3" colwidth="3*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">HTTP Response Code</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Unique Code</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Description</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>201</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p/></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>The supplied extension file has been uploaded.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>409</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>22613</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>The supplied extension file can not be uploaded because it shares the same hub_id and version as one of the extensions in the system.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>412</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>22619</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>null</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>412</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>22620</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>null</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>422</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>22607</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>The supplied extension could not be validated successfully</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>422</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>22616</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>The supplied manifest for the extension is invalid.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>500</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>22602</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>An error has occurred while trying to upload the extension file.</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<title>Response Description</title>
<p>An extension containing the following fields:
 <ul>
 <li><b>id</b> - Number - The unique ID of this extension within the QRadar deployment.</li>
 <li><b>name</b> - String - The name of the extension.</li>
 <li><b>description</b> - String - The description of the extension.</li>
 <li><b>author</b> - String - The person who generated the extension.</li>
 <li><b>authored_by_email</b> - String - The email address of the author.</li>
 <li><b>version</b> - String - The version of the extension.</li>
 <li><b>supported_languages</b> - Array of strings - The language tags supported by this extension.</li>
 <li><b>exported_qradar_version</b> - String - The version of the QRadar deployment this extension was exported from.</li>
 <li><b>min_qradar_version</b>  - String - The minimum QRadar version required for the extension to function properly.</li>
 <li><b>file_location</b> - String - The location of the extension file on disk.</li>
 <li><b>size</b> - Number - The size in bytes of the extension file.</li>
 <li><b>signed</b> - String - The state of the extension's signature.</li>
 <li><b>beta</b> - Boolean - True if the extension is considered to be beta or experimental.</li>
 <li><b>added_by</b> - String - The user or authorized service that added the extension to QRadar.</li>
 <li><b>installed_by</b> - String The user or authorized service that installed the extension.</li>
 <li><b>add_time</b> - Number - The date/time at which the extension was added to QRadar, represented as number of milliseconds since Unix epoch.</li>
 <li><b>install_time</b> - Number - The date/time at which the extension was installed, represented as number of milliseconds since Unix epoch.</li>
 <li><b>full_uninstall</b> - Boolean - True if the extension and all of its contents can be fully uninstalled.</li>
 <li><b>status</b> - String - The tag corresponding to the current status of the extension. Possible values are UPLOADED, UPLOADING, INSTALLED, INSTALLING, INSTALL_FAILED, UNINSTALLED, UNINSTALLING, UNINSTALL_FAILED, NOT_INSTALLED, PREVIEWING, NONE.</li>
 <li><b>contents</b> - An array of objects representing an item contained within the extension. Each object has the following fields:
  <ul>
   <li><b>content_type_id</b> - Number - The ID of the content type.</li>
   <li><b>content_type_name</b> - String - The name of the content type.</li>
   <li><b>identifier</b> - String - The descriptive name/identifier of the item.</li>
  </ul></li>
 <li><b>fips_compliant</b> - Boolean - True if the extension is FIPS compliant.</li>
 </ul></p>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<title>Response Sample</title>
<codeblock>
{
    "add_time": 42,
    "added_by": "String",
    "author": "String",
    "authored_by_email": "String",
    "beta": true,
    "content_operation_error": "String",
    "contents": [
        {
            "content_metadata": "String",
            "content_type_id": 42,
            "content_type_name": "String",
            "identifier": "String"
        }
    ],
    "description": "String",
    "exported_qradar_version": "String",
    "file_location": "String",
    "fips_compliant": true,
    "full_uninstall": true,
    "id": 42,
    "install_time": 42,
    "installed_by": "String",
    "min_qradar_version": "String",
    "name": "String",
    "signed": "String &lt;one of: NOT_SIGNED, SIGNED_NOT_VERIFIED, SIGNED_AND_VERIFIED, UNKNOWN&gt;",
    "size": 42,
    "status": "String &lt;one of: UPLOADED, UPLOADING, INSTALLED, INSTALLING, INSTALL_FAILED, UNINSTALLED, UNINSTALLING, UNINSTALL_FAILED, NOT_INSTALLED, PREVIEWING, NONE, INSTALLED_WITH_ERROR, UNINSTALL_PREVIEWING, UNINSTALL_PREVIEW_FAILED&gt;",
    "supported_languages": [
        "String"
    ],
    "version": "String"
}
</codeblock>
</refsyn>
</refbody>
</reference>