<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Reference//EN" "dtd/ibm-reference.dtd">
<reference id="api-17.0--config-event_sources-custom_properties-regex_properties-regex_property_id-GET" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>GET /config/event_sources/custom_properties/regex_properties/{regex_property_id}</title>
<shortdesc>Retrieves a event regex property based on the supplied regex property ID.</shortdesc>
<prolog>
<metadata>
<keywords>
<apiname>/config/event_sources/custom_properties/regex_properties/{regex_property_id}</apiname>
<keyword>GET</keyword>
<keyword>API</keyword>
<keyword>REST API</keyword>
</keywords>
</metadata>
</prolog>
<refbody>
<refsyn>
<p>Retrieves a event regex property based on the supplied regex property ID.</p>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>GET /config/event_sources/custom_properties/regex_properties/{regex_property_id} resource details</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">GET /config/event_sources/custom_properties/regex_properties/{regex_property_id} resource details</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="1">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">MIME Type</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>application/json
</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>GET /config/event_sources/custom_properties/regex_properties/{regex_property_id} request parameter details</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">GET /config/event_sources/custom_properties/regex_properties/{regex_property_id} request parameter details</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="6">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col2" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col3" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col4" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col5" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col6" colwidth="2*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">Parameter</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Type</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Optionality</entry>
<entry colname="col4">Data Type</entry>
<entry colname="col5">MIME Type</entry>
<entry colname="col6">Description</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>regex_property_id</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>path</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Required</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>String</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>Required - The identifier of the event_regex_property.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>fields</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>query</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Optional</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>String</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>Optional - Use this parameter to specify which fields you would like to get back in the response. Fields that are not named are excluded. Specify subfields in brackets and multiple fields in the same object are separated by commas.</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>GET /config/event_sources/custom_properties/regex_properties/{regex_property_id} response codes</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">GET /config/event_sources/custom_properties/regex_properties/{regex_property_id} response codes</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="3">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col2" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col3" colwidth="3*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">HTTP Response Code</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Unique Code</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Description</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>200</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p/></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>The requested event regex property was successfully retrieved.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>404</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>1002</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>The requested event regex property cannot be found.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>500</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>1020</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>An error occurred during the attempt to retrieve the requested event regex property.</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<title>Response Description</title>
<p>A event regex property that contains the following fields:
      <ul>
         <li><b>id</b> - Integer - The sequence ID of the event regex property.</li>
         <li><b>identifier</b> - String - The ID of the event regex property.</li>
         <li><b>name</b> - String - The name of the event regex property.</li>
         <li><b>username</b> - String - The owner of the event regex property.</li>
         <li><b>description</b> - String - The description of the event regex property. </li>
         <li><b>property_type</b> - String - The property type (string, numeric, ip, port, time) of the event regex property.</li>
         <li><b>use_for_rule_engine</b> - Boolean - The flag to indicate if the event regex property is parsed when the event is received.</li>
         <li><b>datetime_format</b> - String - The date/time pattern that the event regex property matches.</li>
         <li><b>locale</b> - String - The language tag of the locale that the property matches. </li>
         <li><b>auto_discovered</b> - Boolean - The flag to indicate if the event regex property is generated by custom properties discovery engine.</li>
         </ul></p>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<title>Response Sample</title>
<codeblock>
{
    "auto_discovered": true,
    "creation_date": 42,
    "datetime_format": "String",
    "description": "String",
    "id": 42,
    "identifier": "String",
    "locale": "String",
    "modification_date": 42,
    "name": "String",
    "property_type": "String &lt;one of: string, numeric, ip, port, time&gt;",
    "use_for_rule_engine": true,
    "username": "String"
}
</codeblock>
</refsyn>
</refbody>
</reference>