<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Reference//EN" "dtd/ibm-reference.dtd">
<reference id="api-17.0--config-flow_sources-custom_properties-regex_properties-GET" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>GET /config/flow_sources/custom_properties/regex_properties</title>
<shortdesc>Retrieves a list of flow regex properties.</shortdesc>
<prolog>
<metadata>
<keywords>
<apiname>/config/flow_sources/custom_properties/regex_properties</apiname>
<keyword>GET</keyword>
<keyword>API</keyword>
<keyword>REST API</keyword>
</keywords>
</metadata>
</prolog>
<refbody>
<refsyn>
<p>Retrieves a list of flow regex properties.</p>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>GET /config/flow_sources/custom_properties/regex_properties resource details</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">GET /config/flow_sources/custom_properties/regex_properties resource details</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="1">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">MIME Type</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>application/json
</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>GET /config/flow_sources/custom_properties/regex_properties request parameter details</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">GET /config/flow_sources/custom_properties/regex_properties request parameter details</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="6">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col2" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col3" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col4" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col5" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col6" colwidth="2*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">Parameter</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Type</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Optionality</entry>
<entry colname="col4">Data Type</entry>
<entry colname="col5">MIME Type</entry>
<entry colname="col6">Description</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>Range</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>header</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Optional</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>String</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>Optional - Use this parameter to restrict the number of elements that are returned in the list to a specified range. The list is indexed starting at zero.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>filter</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>query</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Optional</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>String</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>Optional - This parameter is used to restrict the elements in a list base on the contents of various fields.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>fields</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>query</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Optional</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>String</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>Optional - Use this parameter to specify which fields you would like to get back in the response. Fields that are not named are excluded. Specify subfields in brackets and multiple fields in the same object are separated by commas.</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>GET /config/flow_sources/custom_properties/regex_properties response codes</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">GET /config/flow_sources/custom_properties/regex_properties response codes</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="3">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col2" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col3" colwidth="3*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">HTTP Response Code</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Unique Code</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Description</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>200</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p/></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>The requested list of flow regex properties was retrieved.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>422</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>1010</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>An error occurred while building the filter.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>500</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>1020</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>An error occurred during the attempt to retrieve the list of flow regex properties.</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<title>Response Description</title>
<p>A list of flow regex properties. Each regex property contains the
         following fields:
         <ul>
         <li><b>id</b> - Integer - The sequence ID of the flow regex property.</li>
         <li><b>identifier</b> - String - The ID of the flow regex property.</li>
         <li><b>name</b> - String - The name of the flow regex property.</li>
         <li><b>username</b> - String - The owner of the flow regex property.</li>
         <li><b>description</b> - String - The description of the flow regex property. </li>
         <li><b>property_type</b> - String - The property type (string, numeric, ip, port, time) of flow regex property.</li>
         <li><b>use_for_rule_engine</b> - Boolean - The flag that indicates if the flow regex property is parsed when the flow was captured.</li>
         <li><b>datetime_format</b> - String - The date/time pattern that the flow regex property matches.</li>
         <li><b>locale</b> - String - The language tag of the locale that the property matches.</li>
         </ul>.</p>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<title>Response Sample</title>
<codeblock>
[
    {
        "creation_date": 42,
        "datetime_format": "String",
        "description": "String",
        "id": 42,
        "identifier": "String",
        "locale": "String",
        "modification_date": 42,
        "name": "String",
        "property_type": "String &lt;one of: string, numeric, ip, port, time&gt;",
        "use_for_rule_engine": true,
        "username": "String"
    }
]
</codeblock>
</refsyn>
</refbody>
</reference>