<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Reference//EN" "dtd/ibm-reference.dtd">
<reference id="api-17.0--config-access-security_profiles-GET" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>GET /config/access/security_profiles</title>
<shortdesc>Get the list of deployed security profiles available in the system.</shortdesc>
<prolog>
<metadata>
<keywords>
<apiname>/config/access/security_profiles</apiname>
<keyword>GET</keyword>
<keyword>API</keyword>
<keyword>REST API</keyword>
</keywords>
</metadata>
</prolog>
<refbody>
<refsyn>
<p>Get the list of deployed security profiles available in the system.
 
 You must have System Administrator or Security Administrator permissions to call this endpoint if you are trying to retrieve a security profile that is not assigned to you. You can retrieve your own security profile without having System Administrator or Security Administrator permissions.</p>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>GET /config/access/security_profiles resource details</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">GET /config/access/security_profiles resource details</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="1">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">MIME Type</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>application/json
</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>GET /config/access/security_profiles request parameter details</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">GET /config/access/security_profiles request parameter details</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="6">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col2" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col3" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col4" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col5" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col6" colwidth="2*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">Parameter</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Type</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Optionality</entry>
<entry colname="col4">Data Type</entry>
<entry colname="col5">MIME Type</entry>
<entry colname="col6">Description</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>tenant_id</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>query</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Optional</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>Number (Integer)</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>If this parameter is provided, the endpoint returns all security profiles associated with domains that are linked to this tenant.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>current_security_profile</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>query</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Optional</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>Boolean</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>If this parameter is provided, the endpoint will return just the security profile associated with the current user. This filter only changes the behaviour of the endpoint for users with the System Administrator or Security Administrator permissions.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>Range</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>header</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Optional</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>String</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>Optional - Use this parameter to restrict the number of elements that are returned in the list to a specified range. The list is indexed starting at zero.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>fields</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>query</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Optional</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>String</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>Optional - Use this parameter to specify which fields you would like to get back in the response. Fields that are not named are excluded. Specify subfields in brackets and multiple fields in the same object are separated by commas.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>filter</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>query</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Optional</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>String</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>Optional - This parameter is used to restrict the elements in a list base on the contents of various fields.</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>GET /config/access/security_profiles response codes</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">GET /config/access/security_profiles response codes</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="3">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col2" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col3" colwidth="3*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">HTTP Response Code</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Unique Code</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Description</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>200</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p/></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>A list of the deployed  security profiles.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>422</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>38330001</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Tenant ID does not exist.</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<title>Response Description</title>
<p>A list of the deployed security profiles.
 <ul>
 <li><b>id</b> - Long - The ID of the security profile. The ID of the staged and the ID of the same deployed user are the same.</li>
 <li><b>name</b> - String - The name of the security profile.</li>
 <li><b>domain_ids</b> - Array of Integers - The list of domain IDs which are assigned to the security profile. If there is no domain ID assigned to the security profile, an empty list is returned. Access Domains using /config/domain_management/domains API.</li>
 </ul></p>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<title>Response Sample</title>
<codeblock>
[
    {
        "domain_ids": [
            42
        ],
        "id": 42,
        "name": "String"
    }
]
</codeblock>
</refsyn>
</refbody>
</reference>