<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Reference//EN" "dtd/ibm-reference.dtd">
<reference id="api-17.0--config-event_sources-custom_properties-property_xml_expressions-expression_id-GET" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>GET /config/event_sources/custom_properties/property_xml_expressions/{expression_id}</title>
<shortdesc>Retrieves a XML expression based on the supplied identifier.</shortdesc>
<prolog>
<metadata>
<keywords>
<apiname>/config/event_sources/custom_properties/property_xml_expressions/{expression_id}</apiname>
<keyword>GET</keyword>
<keyword>API</keyword>
<keyword>REST API</keyword>
</keywords>
</metadata>
</prolog>
<refbody>
<refsyn>
<p>Retrieves a XML expression based on the supplied identifier.</p>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>GET /config/event_sources/custom_properties/property_xml_expressions/{expression_id} resource details</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">GET /config/event_sources/custom_properties/property_xml_expressions/{expression_id} resource details</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="1">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">MIME Type</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>application/json
</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>GET /config/event_sources/custom_properties/property_xml_expressions/{expression_id} request parameter details</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">GET /config/event_sources/custom_properties/property_xml_expressions/{expression_id} request parameter details</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="6">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col2" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col3" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col4" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col5" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col6" colwidth="2*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">Parameter</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Type</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Optionality</entry>
<entry colname="col4">Data Type</entry>
<entry colname="col5">MIME Type</entry>
<entry colname="col6">Description</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>expression_id</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>path</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Required</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>String</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>Required - The identifier of the XML expression.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>fields</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>query</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Optional</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>String</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>Optional - Use this parameter to specify which fields you would like to get back in the response. Fields that are not named are excluded. Specify subfields in brackets and multiple fields in the same object are separated by commas.</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>GET /config/event_sources/custom_properties/property_xml_expressions/{expression_id} response codes</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">GET /config/event_sources/custom_properties/property_xml_expressions/{expression_id} response codes</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="3">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col2" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col3" colwidth="3*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">HTTP Response Code</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Unique Code</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Description</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>200</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p/></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>The requested XML expression was successfully retrieved.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>404</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>1002</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>The requested XML expression cannot be found.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>500</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>1020</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>An error occurred during the attempt to retrieve the requested XML expression.</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<title>Response Description</title>
<p>An XML expression that contains the following fields:
         <ul>
         <li><b>id</b> - Integer - The sequence ID of the XML expression.</li>
         <li><b>identifier</b> - String - The unique ID of the XML expression. This value is in the form of a UUID.</li>
         <li><b>regex_property_identifier</b> - String - The identifier of the event regex property to which this expression belongs.</li>
         <li><b>enabled</b> - Boolean - Flag that indicates whether this expression is enabled.</li>
         <li><b>expression</b> - String - The XML expression path to find the property value from the XML payload. </li>
         <li><b>payload</b> - String - Test payload. This parameter is only used in the UI so that you can verify that your expression matches the expected payload.</li>
         <li><b>log_source_type_id</b> - Integer - The expression is only applied to events for this log source type.</li>
         <li><b>log_source_id</b> - Integer - The expression is only applied to events for this log source (more specific than type alone). </li>
         <li><b>qid</b> - Integer - The expression is only applied to events associated with this QID record. </li>
         <li><b>low_level_category_id</b> - Integer - The expression is only applied to events with this low level category. </li>
         <li><b>username</b> - String - The owner of the XML expression.</li>
         </ul></p>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<title>Response Sample</title>
<codeblock>
{
    "creation_date": 42,
    "enabled": true,
    "expression": "String",
    "id": 42,
    "identifier": "String",
    "log_source_id": 42,
    "log_source_type_id": 42,
    "low_level_category_id": 42,
    "modification_date": 42,
    "payload": "String",
    "qid": 42,
    "regex_property_identifier": "String",
    "username": "String"
}
</codeblock>
</refsyn>
</refbody>
</reference>