<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Reference//EN" "dtd/ibm-reference.dtd">
<reference id="api-17.0--config-event_sources-custom_properties-calculated_property-calculated_property_name-GET" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>GET /config/event_sources/custom_properties/calculated_property/{calculated_property_name}</title>
<shortdesc>Retrieves a list of event calculated properties.</shortdesc>
<prolog>
<metadata>
<keywords>
<apiname>/config/event_sources/custom_properties/calculated_property/{calculated_property_name}</apiname>
<keyword>GET</keyword>
<keyword>API</keyword>
<keyword>REST API</keyword>
</keywords>
</metadata>
</prolog>
<refbody>
<refsyn>
<p>Retrieves a list of event calculated properties.</p>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>GET /config/event_sources/custom_properties/calculated_property/{calculated_property_name} resource details</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">GET /config/event_sources/custom_properties/calculated_property/{calculated_property_name} resource details</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="1">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">MIME Type</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>application/json
</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>GET /config/event_sources/custom_properties/calculated_property/{calculated_property_name} request parameter details</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">GET /config/event_sources/custom_properties/calculated_property/{calculated_property_name} request parameter details</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="6">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col2" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col3" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col4" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col5" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col6" colwidth="2*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">Parameter</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Type</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Optionality</entry>
<entry colname="col4">Data Type</entry>
<entry colname="col5">MIME Type</entry>
<entry colname="col6">Description</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>calculated_property_name</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>path</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Required</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>String</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>null</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>Range</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>header</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Optional</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>String</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>Optional - Use this parameter to restrict the number of elements that are returned in the list to a specified range. The list is indexed starting at zero.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>filter</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>query</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Optional</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>String</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>Optional - This parameter is used to restrict the elements in a list base on the contents of various fields.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>fields</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>query</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Optional</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>String</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>Optional - Use this parameter to specify which fields you would like to get back in the response. Fields that are not named are excluded. Specify subfields in brackets and multiple fields in the same object are separated by commas.</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>GET /config/event_sources/custom_properties/calculated_property/{calculated_property_name} response codes</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">GET /config/event_sources/custom_properties/calculated_property/{calculated_property_name} response codes</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="3">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col2" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col3" colwidth="3*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">HTTP Response Code</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Unique Code</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Description</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>200</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p/></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>The requested Calculated event property was retrieved.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>404</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>1002</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>The requested Calculated event property cannot be found.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>422</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>1005</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>One or more parameters are invalid in the request.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>500</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>1020</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>An error occurred during the attempt to retrieve the requested Calculated event property.</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<title>Response Description</title>
<p>A calculated event property that contains the following fields:
 <ul>
 <li><b>id</b> - String - The ID of the Calculated event property.</li>
 <li><b>name</b> - String - The name of the Calculated event property.</li>
 <li><b>description</b> - String - The description of the Calculated event property.</li>
 <li><b>enabled</b> - Boolean - Whether the Calculated event property is enabled.</li> 
 <li><b>operand1</b> - String - The name of a property or a numeric value as the first operand in the expression.</li>
 <li><b>operand2</b> - String - The name of a property or a numeric value as the second operand in the expression.</li>
 <li><b>operator</b> - String - The symbol that represents one of the basic arithmetic operations in the expression.</li>
 <li><b>username</b> - String - The username of the creator of the Calculated event property.</li>
 <li><b>creation_date</b> - Number - The time stamp for when the Calculated event property is created in milliseconds since epoch.</li>
 <li><b>modification_date</b> - Number - The time stamp for when the Calculated event property is last modified in milliseconds since epoch.</li>
 </ul></p>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<title>Response Sample</title>
<codeblock>
{
    "creation_date": 42,
    "description": "String",
    "enabled": true,
    "first_operand": {
        "numeric_value": 42.5,
        "property_name": "String",
        "type": "String &lt;one of: STATIC, PROPERTY&gt;"
    },
    "id": 42,
    "identifier": "String",
    "modification_date": 42,
    "name": "String",
    "operator": "String &lt;one of: ADD, SUBTRACT, MULTIPLY, DIVIDE&gt;",
    "second_operand": {
        "numeric_value": 42.5,
        "property_name": "String",
        "type": "String &lt;one of: STATIC, PROPERTY&gt;"
    },
    "username": "String"
}
</codeblock>
</refsyn>
</refbody>
</reference>