<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Reference//EN" "dtd/ibm-reference.dtd">
<reference id="api-17.0--config-flow-common_destination_ports-default_configurations-GET" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>GET /config/flow/common_destination_ports/default_configurations</title>
<shortdesc>Gets the list of default configurations for common destination ports.</shortdesc>
<prolog>
<metadata>
<keywords>
<apiname>/config/flow/common_destination_ports/default_configurations</apiname>
<keyword>GET</keyword>
<keyword>API</keyword>
<keyword>REST API</keyword>
</keywords>
</metadata>
</prolog>
<refbody>
<refsyn>
<p>Gets the list of default configurations for common destination ports.
 
 You must have System Administrator or Security Admin permissions to use this endpoint.</p>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>GET /config/flow/common_destination_ports/default_configurations resource details</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">GET /config/flow/common_destination_ports/default_configurations resource details</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="1">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">MIME Type</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>application/json
</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>GET /config/flow/common_destination_ports/default_configurations request parameter details</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">GET /config/flow/common_destination_ports/default_configurations request parameter details</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="6">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col2" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col3" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col4" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col5" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col6" colwidth="2*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">Parameter</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Type</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Optionality</entry>
<entry colname="col4">Data Type</entry>
<entry colname="col5">MIME Type</entry>
<entry colname="col6">Description</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>Range</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>header</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Optional</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>String</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>Optional - Use this parameter to restrict the number of elements that are returned in the list to a specified range. The list is indexed starting at zero.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>filter</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>query</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Optional</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>String</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>Optional - This parameter is used to restrict the elements in a list base on the contents of various fields.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>sort</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>query</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Optional</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>String</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>Optional - This parameter is used to sort the elements in a list.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>fields</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>query</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Optional</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>String</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>Optional - Use this parameter to specify which fields you would like to get back in the response. Fields that are not named are excluded. Specify subfields in brackets and multiple fields in the same object are separated by commas.</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>GET /config/flow/common_destination_ports/default_configurations response codes</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">GET /config/flow/common_destination_ports/default_configurations response codes</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="3">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col2" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col3" colwidth="3*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">HTTP Response Code</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Unique Code</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Description</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>200</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p/></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>An array of default Common Destination Port Configurations. The port is used as the default sort input in ascending order.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>422</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>1005</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>A field request parameter is not valid.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>422</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>1010</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Invalid filter criteria supplied.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>422</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>1015</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>The sort field or order is not valid.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>500</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>1020</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>An error occurred while retiriving default Common Destination Port Configurations.</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<title>Response Description</title>
<p>An array of default Common Destination Port Configurations. The port is used as the default sort input in ascending order. A default Common Destination Port Configuration object contains the following fields:
 <ul>
 <li><b>id</b> - Long - The unique ID of the configuration.</li>
 <li><b>port</b> - Integer - The unique port number that you want to configure. </li>
 <li><b>application_id</b> - Long - The application ID for this port configuration. The application ID for this port configuration that is used by the QRadar port-based mapping algorithm.</li>
 <li><b>application_name</b> - String - The name of the application as it would appear on the Network Activity tab. </li>
 <li><b>content_capture_size</b> - Integer - The maximum amount of payload to capture and store for an application on this port. Set this value to 1 if you want the application to inherit the content capture size from the SV_CONTENT_CAPTURE_LENGTH field in the nva.conf file.</li>
 <li><b>app_detection_enabled</b> - Boolean - TRUE if the port configuration will be used to determine the application. If true, you must set the application_id.</li>
 <li><b>flow_direction_enabled</b> - Boolean - TRUE if the port configuration will be used to determine the flow direction.</li>
 <li><b>uuid</b> - String - The unique global ID of the configuration, specified as a UUID.</li>
 <li><b>last_update_time</b> - Long - The epoch timestamp, represented in milliseconds, since this configuration was last modified.</li>
 </ul></p>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<title>Response Sample</title>
<codeblock>
[
    {
        "app_detection_enabled": true,
        "application_id": 42,
        "application_name": "String",
        "content_capture_size": 42,
        "flow_direction_enabled": true,
        "id": 42,
        "last_update_time": 42,
        "port": 42,
        "uuid": "String"
    }
]
</codeblock>
</refsyn>
</refbody>
</reference>