<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Reference//EN" "dtd/ibm-reference.dtd">
<reference id="api-17.0--config-event_sources-log_source_management-log_source_types-dsm_parameter_configuration-dsm_parameter_definition-GET" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>GET /config/event_sources/log_source_management/log_source_types/dsm_parameter_configuration/dsm_parameter_definition</title>
<shortdesc>Retrieve dsm parameter definitions.</shortdesc>
<prolog>
<metadata>
<keywords>
<apiname>/config/event_sources/log_source_management/log_source_types/dsm_parameter_configuration/dsm_parameter_definition</apiname>
<keyword>GET</keyword>
<keyword>API</keyword>
<keyword>REST API</keyword>
</keywords>
</metadata>
</prolog>
<refbody>
<refsyn/>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>GET /config/event_sources/log_source_management/log_source_types/dsm_parameter_configuration/dsm_parameter_definition resource details</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">GET /config/event_sources/log_source_management/log_source_types/dsm_parameter_configuration/dsm_parameter_definition resource details</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="1">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">MIME Type</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>application/json
</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>GET /config/event_sources/log_source_management/log_source_types/dsm_parameter_configuration/dsm_parameter_definition request parameter details</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">GET /config/event_sources/log_source_management/log_source_types/dsm_parameter_configuration/dsm_parameter_definition request parameter details</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="6">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col2" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col3" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col4" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col5" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col6" colwidth="2*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">Parameter</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Type</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Optionality</entry>
<entry colname="col4">Data Type</entry>
<entry colname="col5">MIME Type</entry>
<entry colname="col6">Description</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>Range</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>header</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Optional</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>String</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>Optional - Use this parameter to restrict the number of elements that are returned in the list to a specified range. The list is indexed starting at zero.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>filter</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>query</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Optional</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>String</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>Optional - This parameter is used to restrict the elements in a list base on the contents of various fields.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>fields</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>query</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Optional</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>String</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>Optional - Use this parameter to specify which fields you would like to get back in the response. Fields that are not named are excluded. Specify subfields in brackets and multiple fields in the same object are separated by commas.</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>GET /config/event_sources/log_source_management/log_source_types/dsm_parameter_configuration/dsm_parameter_definition response codes</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">GET /config/event_sources/log_source_management/log_source_types/dsm_parameter_configuration/dsm_parameter_definition response codes</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="3">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col2" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col3" colwidth="3*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">HTTP Response Code</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Unique Code</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Description</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>201</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p/></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>The dsm parameter definition was retrieved successfully.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>500</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>1009</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>An error occurred while attempting to retrieve dsm parameter definitions.</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<title>Response Description</title>
<p>The result will have a list of the following fields:
 <ul>
 <li><b>id</b> - The id of the dsm parameter definition.</li>
 <li><b>internal_name</b> - String - The name of the dsm parameter definition.</li>
 <li><b>name_localization_key</b> - String - The localized name of the dsm parameter definition.</li>
 <li><b>description_localization_key</b> - String - The localized description of the dsm parameter definition.</li>
 <li><b>type</b> - String - The type of the dsm parameter definition.</li>
 <li><b>default_value</b> - The default value of the dsm parameter definition.</li>
 <li><b>sort_index</b> - Long - The Sort Index of the dsm parameter definition.</li>
 <li><b>min_length</b> - Long - The min length of the values of the dsm parameter definition.</li>
 <li><b>max_length</b> - Long - The min length of the values of the dsm parameter definition.</li>
 <li><b>min_value</b> - Long - The min value of the values of the dsm parameter definition</li>
 <li><b>max_value</b> - Long - The min value of the values of the dsm parameter definition</li>
 <li><b>pattern</b> - Sring - The pattern of the values of the dsm parameter definition.</li>
 <li><b>pattern_description</b> - String - The description of the pattern of the values of the dsm parameter definition.</li>
 </ul></p>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<title>Response Sample</title>
<codeblock>
[
    {
        "allowed_values": [
            {
                "dsm_parameter_definition_id": 42,
                "id": 42,
                "name": "String",
                "sort_index": 42,
                "value": "String"
            }
        ],
        "default_value": "String",
        "description_localization_key": "String",
        "id": 42,
        "internal_name": "String",
        "max_length": 42,
        "max_value": 42,
        "min_length": 42,
        "min_value": 42,
        "name_localization_key": "String",
        "pattern": "String",
        "pattern_description": "String",
        "sort_index": 42,
        "type": "String"
    }
]
</codeblock>
</refsyn>
</refbody>
</reference>