<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Reference//EN" "dtd/ibm-reference.dtd">
<reference id="api-17.0--ariel-searches-search_id-GET" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>GET /ariel/searches/{search_id}</title>
<shortdesc>Retrieves information about an Ariel search.</shortdesc>
<prolog>
<metadata>
<keywords>
<apiname>/ariel/searches/{search_id}</apiname>
<keyword>GET</keyword>
<keyword>API</keyword>
<keyword>REST API</keyword>
</keywords>
</metadata>
</prolog>
<refbody>
<refsyn>
<p>Retrieve status information for a search, based on the search ID parameter.
 The same informational fields are returned regardless of whether the search is in progress or is complete.</p>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>GET /ariel/searches/{search_id} resource details</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">GET /ariel/searches/{search_id} resource details</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="1">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">MIME Type</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>application/json
</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>GET /ariel/searches/{search_id} request parameter details</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">GET /ariel/searches/{search_id} request parameter details</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="6">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col2" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col3" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col4" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col5" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col6" colwidth="2*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">Parameter</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Type</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Optionality</entry>
<entry colname="col4">Data Type</entry>
<entry colname="col5">MIME Type</entry>
<entry colname="col6">Description</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>search_id</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>path</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Required</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>String</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>Required. The identifier for an Ariel search.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>Prefer</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>header</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Optional</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>String</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>Optional. Specify 'wait=N' where N is number of seconds to wait for COMPLETED status of the search.</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>GET /ariel/searches/{search_id} response codes</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">GET /ariel/searches/{search_id} response codes</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="3">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col2" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col3" colwidth="3*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">HTTP Response Code</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Unique Code</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Description</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>200</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p/></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>The search information was retrieved.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>206</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p/></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>The search information was retrieved with 'Prefer: wait=N' timeout(sec) expired before the search is completed</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>404</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>1002</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>The search does not exist.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>422</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>1005</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>A request parameter is not valid.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>500</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>1020</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>An error occurred during the attempt to retrieve the search information.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>503</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>1010</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>The Ariel server might be temporarily unavailable or offline. Please try again later.</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<title>Response Description</title>
<p>Information about the specified search, including the search status.</p>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<title>Response Sample</title>
<codeblock>
{
  "cursor_id": "s16",
  "compressed_data_file_count": 0,
  "compressed_data_total_size": 0,
  "data_file_count": 5470,
  "data_total_size": 67183115,
  "index_file_count": 0,
  "index_total_size": 0,
  "processed_record_count": 1256462,
  "error_messages": [
    {
      "code": "String",
      "contexts": [
        "String"
      ],
      "message": "String",
      "severity": "String &lt;one of: INFO, WARN, ERROR&gt;"
    }
  ],
  "desired_retention_time_msec": 86400000,
  "progress": 46,
  "progress_details": [
    0,
    0,
    0,
    0,
    66957,
    652657,
    76594,
    89809,
    86032,
    107729
  ],
  "query_execution_time": 1480,
  "query_string": "SELECT sourceip, starttime, qid, sourceport  from events into s16 where sourceip in (select destinationip from events) parameters snapshotsize=2, PROGRESSDETAILSRESOLUTION=10",
  "record_count": 1240923,
  "save_results": false,
  "status": "String &lt;one of: WAIT, EXECUTE, SORTING, COMPLETED, CANCELED, ERROR&gt;",
  "snapshot": {
    "events": [
      {
        "sourceip": "10.100.65.20",
        "starttime": 1467049610018,
        "qid": 10034,
        "sourceport": 13675
      },
      {
        "sourceip": "10.100.100.121",
        "starttime": 1467049610019,
        "qid": 20034,
        "sourceport": 80
      }
    ]
  },
  "subsearch_ids": [
     "sub_id_1"
   ],
  "search_id": "s16"
}
</codeblock>
</refsyn>
</refbody>
</reference>