<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Reference//EN" "dtd/ibm-reference.dtd">
<reference id="api-17.0--forensics-capture-recoveries-id-GET" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>GET /forensics/capture/recoveries/{id}</title>
<shortdesc>Retrieves a recovery based on the supplied ID.</shortdesc>
<prolog>
<metadata>
<keywords>
<apiname>/forensics/capture/recoveries/{id}</apiname>
<keyword>GET</keyword>
<keyword>API</keyword>
<keyword>REST API</keyword>
</keywords>
</metadata>
</prolog>
<refbody>
<refsyn>
<p>Retrieves a recovery based on the supplied ID.</p>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>GET /forensics/capture/recoveries/{id} resource details</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">GET /forensics/capture/recoveries/{id} resource details</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="1">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">MIME Type</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>application/json
</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>GET /forensics/capture/recoveries/{id} request parameter details</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">GET /forensics/capture/recoveries/{id} request parameter details</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="6">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col2" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col3" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col4" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col5" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col6" colwidth="2*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">Parameter</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Type</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Optionality</entry>
<entry colname="col4">Data Type</entry>
<entry colname="col5">MIME Type</entry>
<entry colname="col6">Description</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>id</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>path</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Required</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>Number (Integer)</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>Required - The ID of the workflow job to retrieve.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>fields</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>query</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Optional</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>String</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>Optional - Use this parameter to specify which fields you would like to get back in the response. Fields that are not named are excluded. Specify subfields in brackets and multiple fields in the same object are separated by commas.</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>GET /forensics/capture/recoveries/{id} response codes</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">GET /forensics/capture/recoveries/{id} response codes</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="3">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col2" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col3" colwidth="3*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">HTTP Response Code</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Unique Code</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Description</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>404</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>1002</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>No recovery job was found for the provided ID.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>500</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>1020</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>An error occurred during the retrieval of the recovery job.</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<title>Response Description</title>
<p>A recovery that contains the following fields:
 <ul>
 <li><b>assigned_to</b> - String - The username of the user the recovery is assigned to.</li>
 <li><b>bpf</b> - String - The Berkeley Packet Filter to pass to the capture device.</li>
 <li><b>case_id</b> - String - ID of the case where the collection(s) are created.</li>
 <li><b>collection_name_suffix</b> - String - Suffix that is used to name the collection(s) to store the recovered data in.</li>
 <li><b>id</b> - Long - ID for the recovery.</li>
 <li><b>recovery_task_ids</b> - Long Array - IDs for all recovery tasks belonging to this recovery.</li>
 <li><b>recovery_window_end_time</b> - Long - End of time range for data recovery.</li>
 <li><b>recovery_window_start_time</b> - Long - Start of time range for data recovery.</li>
 <li><b>tags</b> - String - Identifiers applied to recovered data to assist with grouping when searching.  These are user supplied string identifiers that are used to mark the data so the user can easily look up the data later.</li>
 </ul></p>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<title>Response Sample</title>
<codeblock>
{
    "assigned_to": "String",
    "bpf": "String",
    "case_id": 42,
    "collection_name_suffix": "String",
    "id": 42,
    "recovery_task_ids": [
        42
    ],
    "recovery_window_end_time": 42,
    "recovery_window_start_time": 42,
    "session_ids": [
        "String"
    ],
    "tags": [
        "String"
    ]
}
</codeblock>
</refsyn>
</refbody>
</reference>