<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Reference//EN" "dtd/ibm-reference.dtd">
<reference id="api-17.0--reference_data-maps-name-GET" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>GET /reference_data/maps/{name}</title>
<shortdesc>Retrieve the reference map identified by name.</shortdesc>
<prolog>
<metadata>
<keywords>
<apiname>/reference_data/maps/{name}</apiname>
<keyword>GET</keyword>
<keyword>API</keyword>
<keyword>REST API</keyword>
</keywords>
</metadata>
</prolog>
<refbody>
<refsyn>
<p>Retrieve the reference map identified by <b>name</b>. If provided, <b>limit</b> specifies the number
 of records to return starting at record specified by <b>offset</b>. If not specified, then the first
 20 records will be returned.</p>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>GET /reference_data/maps/{name} resource details</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">GET /reference_data/maps/{name} resource details</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="1">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">MIME Type</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>application/json
</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>GET /reference_data/maps/{name} request parameter details</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">GET /reference_data/maps/{name} request parameter details</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="6">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col2" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col3" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col4" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col5" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col6" colwidth="2*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">Parameter</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Type</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Optionality</entry>
<entry colname="col4">Data Type</entry>
<entry colname="col5">MIME Type</entry>
<entry colname="col6">Description</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>name</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>path</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Required</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>String</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>Required - The name of the reference map to retrieve</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>namespace</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>query</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Optional</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>String</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>Either SHARED or TENANT, default is SHARED.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>Range</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>header</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Optional</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>String</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>Optional - Use this parameter to restrict the number of elements that are returned in the list to a specified range. The list is indexed starting at zero.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>fields</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>query</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Optional</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>String</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>Optional - Use this parameter to specify which fields you would like to get back in the response. Fields that are not named are excluded. Specify subfields in brackets and multiple fields in the same object are separated by commas.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>filter</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>query</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Optional</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>String</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>Optional - This parameter is used to restrict the elements in a list base on the contents of various fields.</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>GET /reference_data/maps/{name} response codes</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">GET /reference_data/maps/{name} response codes</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="3">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col2" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col3" colwidth="3*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">HTTP Response Code</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Unique Code</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Description</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>200</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p/></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>The reference map has been retrieved</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>404</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>1002</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>The reference map does not exist</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>422</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>1005</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>A request parameter is not valid</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>422</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>1012</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>The namespace value of SHARED was expected</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>500</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>1020</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>An error occurred while attempting to retrieve the reference map</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<title>Response Description</title>
<p>The reference map identified by the name specified in the request. The portion of the reference map's data returned is dependent on the limit and offset specified in the request.</p>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<title>Response Sample</title>
<codeblock>
{
    "collection_id": 42,
    "creation_time": 42,
    "data": {
        "String": {
            "domain_id": 42,
            "first_seen": 42,
            "last_seen": 42,
            "source": "String",
            "value": "String"
        }
    },
    "element_type": "String &lt;one of: ALN, NUM, IP, PORT, ALNIC, DATE&gt;",
    "key_label": "String",
    "name": "String",
    "namespace": "String &lt;one of: PRIVATE, SHARED, TENANT&gt;",
    "number_of_elements": 42,
    "time_to_live": "String",
    "timeout_type": "String &lt;one of: UNKNOWN, FIRST_SEEN, LAST_SEEN&gt;",
    "value_label": "String"
}
</codeblock>
</refsyn>
</refbody>
</reference>