<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Reference//EN" "dtd/ibm-reference.dtd">
<reference id="api-17.0--analytics-rules-GET" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>GET /analytics/rules</title>
<shortdesc>Retrieves a list of rules.</shortdesc>
<prolog>
<metadata>
<keywords>
<apiname>/analytics/rules</apiname>
<keyword>GET</keyword>
<keyword>API</keyword>
<keyword>REST API</keyword>
</keywords>
</metadata>
</prolog>
<refbody>
<refsyn>
<p>Retrieves a list of rules</p>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>GET /analytics/rules resource details</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">GET /analytics/rules resource details</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="1">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">MIME Type</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>application/json
</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>GET /analytics/rules request parameter details</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">GET /analytics/rules request parameter details</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="6">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col2" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col3" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col4" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col5" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col6" colwidth="2*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">Parameter</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Type</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Optionality</entry>
<entry colname="col4">Data Type</entry>
<entry colname="col5">MIME Type</entry>
<entry colname="col6">Description</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>Range</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>header</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Optional</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>String</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>Optional - Use this parameter to restrict the number of elements that are returned in the list to a specified range. The list is indexed starting at zero.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>fields</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>query</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Optional</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>String</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>Optional - Use this parameter to specify which fields you would like to get back in the response. Fields that are not named are excluded. Specify subfields in brackets and multiple fields in the same object are separated by commas.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>filter</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>query</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Optional</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>String</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>Optional - This parameter is used to restrict the elements in a list base on the contents of various fields.</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>GET /analytics/rules response codes</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">GET /analytics/rules response codes</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="3">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col2" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col3" colwidth="3*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">HTTP Response Code</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Unique Code</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Description</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>200</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p/></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>The rules were retrieved.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>422</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>1010</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>A request parameter is not valid.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>500</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>1020</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>An error occurred during the attempt to retrieve the rules.</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<title>Response Description</title>
<p>An array of rule objects. A rule object contains the following fields:
 <ul>
 <li><b>id</b> - Long - The sequence ID of the rule.</li>
 <li><b>name</b> - String - The name of the rule.</li>
 <li><b>type</b> - String - The type of rule: EVENT, FLOW, COMMON, USER.</li>
 <li><b>enabled</b> - Boolean - True if the rule is enabled.</li>
 <li><b>owner</b> - String - The owner of the rule.</li>
 <li><b>origin</b> - String - The origin of the rule: SYSTEM, OVERRIDE, USER.</li>
 <li><b>base_capacity</b> - Long - The base capacity of the rule in events per second.</li>
 <li><b>base_host_id</b> - Long - The ID of the host from which the rule's base capacity was determined</li>
 <li><b>average_capacity</b> - Long - The moving average capacity, in EPS, of the rule across all hosts.</li>
 <li><b>capacity_timestamp</b> - Long - The epoch timestamp, in milliseconds, since the rule's capacity values were last updated.</li>
 <li><b>identifier</b> - String - The unique ID of the rule. This value is typically in the form of a UUID, with the exception of legacy system rules.</li>
 <li><b>linked_rule_identifier</b> - String - The linked ID of the rule. This value is typically in the form of a UUID, with the exception of legacy system rules, and varies depending on the rule's origin as follows:
 		<ul>
 		<li><b>SYSTEM</b> - The identifier value of the override rule, if one exists. If the system rule has not been overridden, the value will be null.</li>
 		<li><b>OVERRIDE</b> - The identifier value of the system rule being overridden.</li>
 		<li><b>USER</b> - The value will be null.</li>
 		</ul>
 </li>
 <li><b>creation_date</b> - Long - The number of milliseconds since epoch when the rule was created.</li>
 <li><b>modification_date</b> - Long - The number of milliseconds since epoch when the rule was last modified.</li>
 </ul></p>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<title>Response Sample</title>
<codeblock>
[
    {
        "average_capacity": 42,
        "base_capacity": 42,
        "base_host_id": 42,
        "capacity_timestamp": 42,
        "creation_date": 42,
        "enabled": true,
        "id": 42,
        "identifier": "String",
        "linked_rule_identifier": "String",
        "modification_date": 42,
        "name": "String",
        "origin": "String &lt;one of: SYSTEM, OVERRIDE, USER&gt;",
        "owner": "String",
        "type": "String &lt;one of: EVENT, FLOW, COMMON, OFFENSE&gt;"
    }
]
</codeblock>
</refsyn>
</refbody>
</reference>