<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Reference//EN" "dtd/ibm-reference.dtd">
<reference id="api-17.0--system-servers-server_id-network_interfaces-ethernet-GET" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>GET /system/servers/{server_id}/network_interfaces/ethernet</title>
<shortdesc>Retrieves a list of the ethernet network interfaces based on the supplied server ID.</shortdesc>
<prolog>
<metadata>
<keywords>
<apiname>/system/servers/{server_id}/network_interfaces/ethernet</apiname>
<keyword>GET</keyword>
<keyword>API</keyword>
<keyword>REST API</keyword>
</keywords>
</metadata>
</prolog>
<refbody>
<refsyn/>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>GET /system/servers/{server_id}/network_interfaces/ethernet resource details</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">GET /system/servers/{server_id}/network_interfaces/ethernet resource details</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="1">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">MIME Type</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>application/json
</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>GET /system/servers/{server_id}/network_interfaces/ethernet request parameter details</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">GET /system/servers/{server_id}/network_interfaces/ethernet request parameter details</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="6">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col2" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col3" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col4" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col5" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col6" colwidth="2*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">Parameter</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Type</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Optionality</entry>
<entry colname="col4">Data Type</entry>
<entry colname="col5">MIME Type</entry>
<entry colname="col6">Description</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>server_id</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>path</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Required</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>Number (Integer)</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>Required - The id of the server.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>filter</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>query</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Optional</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>String</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>Optional - This parameter is used to restrict the elements in a list base on the contents of various fields.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>Range</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>header</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Optional</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>String</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>Optional - Use this parameter to restrict the number of elements that are returned in the list to a specified range. The list is indexed starting at zero.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>fields</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>query</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Optional</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>String</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>Optional - Use this parameter to specify which fields you would like to get back in the response. Fields that are not named are excluded. Specify subfields in brackets and multiple fields in the same object are separated by commas.</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>GET /system/servers/{server_id}/network_interfaces/ethernet response codes</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">GET /system/servers/{server_id}/network_interfaces/ethernet response codes</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="3">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col2" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col3" colwidth="3*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">HTTP Response Code</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Unique Code</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Description</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>200</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p/></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>A list of the ethernet network interfaces were retrieved.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>404</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>1002</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>The requested server with the given server ID cannot be found.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>422</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>1005</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>One or more parameters are invalid in request.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>500</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>1020</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>An error occurred while trying to retrieve the ethernet interfaces on the server with the given ID.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>500</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>1022</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Timeout while performing the task.</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<title>Response Description</title>
<p>A list of the ethernet network interfaces. Each ethernet network interface contains the following
fields: <ul>
<li><b>device_name</b> - String - The name of the network interface. </li>
<li><b>desc</b> - String - The description of the network interface. </li>
<li><b>role</b> - String - The role of the network interface. One of: regular, management,
hacrossover, hacrossover_disabled, monitor, disabled.</li>
<li><b>ipversion</b> - String - The verson of the IP address that is configured on the network
interface. One of: ipv4, ipv6.</li>
<li><b>ip</b> - String - The IP that is configured on the network interface. </li>
<li><b>mask</b> - String - The netmask that is configured on the network interface </li>
<li><b>is_auto_ip</b> - Boolean - Is the IP auto-configured? </li>
<li><b>is_cable_linked</b> - String - Is the network interface cable linked? One of: true, false,
unknown.</li>
<li><b>is_moving_config_with_active_ha</b> - Boolean -Applies the same settings to a new active HA
server during failover.</li>
<li><b>hacrossover_params</b> - String - A map of key-value pairs of HA crossover parameters if the
network interface is used for HA crossover.</li>
</ul></p>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<title>Response Sample</title>
<codeblock>
[
    {
        "desc": "String",
        "device_name": "String",
        "hacrossover_params": {
            "String": "String"
        },
        "ip": "String",
        "ipversion": "String &lt;one of: ipv4, ipv6&gt;",
        "is_auto_ip": true,
        "is_cable_linked": "String &lt;one of: true, false, unknown&gt;",
        "is_moving_config_with_active_ha": true,
        "mask": "String",
        "role": "String &lt;one of: regular, management, hacrossover, hacrossover_disabled, monitor, disabled, slave, slave_disabled&gt;"
    }
]
</codeblock>
</refsyn>
</refbody>
</reference>