<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Reference//EN" "dtd/ibm-reference.dtd">
<reference id="api-17.0--analytics-rules_offense_contributions-GET" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>GET /analytics/rules_offense_contributions</title>
<shortdesc>Retrieves Rule Offense contributions 
 
 Retieves Rule and Offense references in the system.</shortdesc>
<prolog>
<metadata>
<keywords>
<apiname>/analytics/rules_offense_contributions</apiname>
<keyword>GET</keyword>
<keyword>API</keyword>
<keyword>REST API</keyword>
</keywords>
</metadata>
</prolog>
<refbody>
<refsyn/>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>GET /analytics/rules_offense_contributions resource details</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">GET /analytics/rules_offense_contributions resource details</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="1">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">MIME Type</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>application/json
</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>GET /analytics/rules_offense_contributions request parameter details</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">GET /analytics/rules_offense_contributions request parameter details</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="6">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col2" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col3" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col4" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col5" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col6" colwidth="2*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">Parameter</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Type</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Optionality</entry>
<entry colname="col4">Data Type</entry>
<entry colname="col5">MIME Type</entry>
<entry colname="col6">Description</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>Range</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>header</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Optional</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>String</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>Optional - Use this parameter to restrict the number of elements that are returned in the list to a specified range. The list is indexed starting at zero.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>fields</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>query</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Optional</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>String</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>Optional - Use this parameter to specify which fields you would like to get back in the response. Fields that are not named are excluded. Specify subfields in brackets and multiple fields in the same object are separated by commas.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>filter</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>query</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Optional</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>String</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>Optional - This parameter is used to restrict the elements in a list base on the contents of various fields.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>sort</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>query</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Optional</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>String</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>Optional - This parameter is used to sort the elements in a list.</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>GET /analytics/rules_offense_contributions response codes</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">GET /analytics/rules_offense_contributions response codes</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="3">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col2" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col3" colwidth="3*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">HTTP Response Code</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Unique Code</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Description</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>200</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p/></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>The rule offense references were retrieved.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>422</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>1010</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>null</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>422</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>1030</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>null</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>500</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>1020</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>null</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<title>Response Description</title>
<p>An array of RuleOffenceReference objects. A RuleOffenceReference object contains the following fields:
 <ul>
 <li><b>id</b> - Long - The ID of the rule_offense_contribution. (Filterable. Sortable.)</li>
 <li><b>rule_id</b> - Long - The ID of the rule. (Filterable. Sortable)</li>
 <li><b>rule_name</b> - String - The name of the rule. (Filterable, Sortable)</li>
 <li><b>rule_type</b> - String - 	The type of rule: EVENT, FLOW, COMMON, USER, ANOMALY, BEHAVIORAL, or THRESHOLD. (Filterable. Sortable.)</li>
 <li><b>offense_id</b> - Long - The ID of the offense that was created by the rule. (Filterable. Sortable.)</li>
 <li><b>event_count</b> - Long - The number of events that the rule triggered on to participate in the offense. (Filterable. Sortable.)</li>
 <li><b>first_event</b> - Long - The number of milliseconds since epoch for the first event that contributed to the offense. (Filterable. Sortable.)</li>
 <li><b>last_event</b> - Long - The number of milliseconds since epoch for the last event from the specified rule that contributed to the offense. (Filterable. Sortable.)</li>
 </ul></p>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<title>Response Sample</title>
<codeblock>
[
    {
        "event_count": 42,
        "first_event": 42,
        "id": 42,
        "last_event": 42,
        "offense_id": 42,
        "rule_id": 42,
        "rule_name": "String",
        "rule_type": "String"
    }
]
</codeblock>
</refsyn>
</refbody>
</reference>