<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Reference//EN" "dtd/ibm-reference.dtd">
<reference id="api-17.0--gui_app_framework-application_creation_task-application_id-GET" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>GET /gui_app_framework/application_creation_task/{application_id}</title>
<shortdesc>Retrieves the status of an application install.</shortdesc>
<prolog>
<metadata>
<keywords>
<apiname>/gui_app_framework/application_creation_task/{application_id}</apiname>
<keyword>GET</keyword>
<keyword>API</keyword>
<keyword>REST API</keyword>
</keywords>
</metadata>
</prolog>
<refbody>
<refsyn>
<p>Retrieves the status of an application install.</p>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>GET /gui_app_framework/application_creation_task/{application_id} resource details</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">GET /gui_app_framework/application_creation_task/{application_id} resource details</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="1">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">MIME Type</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>application/json
</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>GET /gui_app_framework/application_creation_task/{application_id} request parameter details</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">GET /gui_app_framework/application_creation_task/{application_id} request parameter details</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="6">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col2" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col3" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col4" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col5" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col6" colwidth="2*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">Parameter</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Type</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Optionality</entry>
<entry colname="col4">Data Type</entry>
<entry colname="col5">MIME Type</entry>
<entry colname="col6">Description</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>application_id</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>path</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Required</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>Number (Integer)</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>Required - The application identifier.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>fields</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>query</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Optional</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>String</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>Optional - Use this parameter to specify which fields you would like to get back in the response. Fields that are not named are excluded. Specify subfields in brackets and multiple fields in the same object are separated by commas.</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>GET /gui_app_framework/application_creation_task/{application_id} response codes</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">GET /gui_app_framework/application_creation_task/{application_id} response codes</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="3">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col2" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col3" colwidth="3*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">HTTP Response Code</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Unique Code</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Description</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>200</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p/></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Status was retrieved.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>404</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>1002</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>The application identifier could not be found.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>409</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>33700</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>The application framework is currently disabled.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>500</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>1020</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>The request could not be completed.</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<title>Response Description</title>
<p>Installation status details:
 <ul>
 <li><b>application_id</b> - Integer - Application identifier.</li>
 <li><b>status</b> - String<ul>
<li>CREATING - the install has not yet completed.</li>
<li>CANCELLED - the install has been cancelled.</li>
<li>COMPLETED - the install has completed.</li>
<li>ERROR - the install failed. The reason is in error_messages.</li>
<li>AUTH_REQUIRED - the install is waiting for a response to an authorisation request. See
/application_creation_task/{application_id}/auth for details.</li>
</ul></li>
 <li><b>error_messages</b> - String - Error messages, if status is ERROR.</li>
 </ul></p>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<title>Response Sample</title>
<codeblock>
{
    "application_id": 42,
    "error_messages": "String",
    "error_messages_json": [
        {
            "code": "String",
            "message": "String",
            "source": "String"
        }
    ],
    "status": "String &lt;one of: CREATING, UPGRADING, STOPPING, STARTING, AUTH_REQUIRED, COMPLETED, CANCELLED, DELETING, ERROR, UNKNOWN&gt;"
}
</codeblock>
</refsyn>
</refbody>
</reference>