<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Reference//EN" "dtd/ibm-reference.dtd">
<reference id="api-17.0--access-login_attempts-GET" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>GET /access/login_attempts</title>
<shortdesc>Gets the list of login attempts.</shortdesc>
<prolog>
<metadata>
<keywords>
<apiname>/access/login_attempts</apiname>
<keyword>GET</keyword>
<keyword>API</keyword>
<keyword>REST API</keyword>
</keywords>
</metadata>
</prolog>
<refbody>
<refsyn>
<p>Gets the list of login attempts.
 For SAAS and single signon authentication modules, failed login attempts will not be tracked. 
 The successful login attempts will be created when the QRadar session is created,
 not necessarily when the user entered their credentials on the single sign on login page.
 
 Any users or authorized service can call this endpoint. If the caller has the ADMIN capability,
 login attempts for all users will be returned. For all other callers,
 only login attempts for the current caller will be returned.</p>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>GET /access/login_attempts resource details</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">GET /access/login_attempts resource details</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="1">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">MIME Type</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>application/json
</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>GET /access/login_attempts request parameter details</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">GET /access/login_attempts request parameter details</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="6">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col2" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col3" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col4" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col5" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col6" colwidth="2*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">Parameter</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Type</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Optionality</entry>
<entry colname="col4">Data Type</entry>
<entry colname="col5">MIME Type</entry>
<entry colname="col6">Description</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>Range</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>header</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Optional</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>String</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>Optional - Use this parameter to restrict the number of elements that are returned in the list to a specified range. The list is indexed starting at zero.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>fields</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>query</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Optional</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>String</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>Optional - Use this parameter to specify which fields you would like to get back in the response. Fields that are not named are excluded. Specify subfields in brackets and multiple fields in the same object are separated by commas.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>filter</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>query</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Optional</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>String</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>Optional - This parameter is used to restrict the elements in a list base on the contents of various fields.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>sort</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>query</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Optional</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>String</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>Optional - This parameter is used to sort the elements in a list.</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>GET /access/login_attempts response codes</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">GET /access/login_attempts response codes</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="3">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col2" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col3" colwidth="3*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">HTTP Response Code</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Unique Code</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Description</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>200</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p/></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>An array of login attempts. The attempt_time is used as the default sort input in descending order.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>422</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>1005</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>A request parameter is not valid.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>422</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>1010</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Invalid filter criteria supplied.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>422</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>1030</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>The sort field or order is not valid</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>500</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>1020</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>An error occurred while retiriving login attempts.</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<title>Response Description</title>
<p>An array of login attempts. The attempt_time is used as the default sort input in descending order.
 <ul>
 <li><b>attempt_time</b> - Long - The time the login attempt happens. This time is in milliseconds since epoch.</li>
 <li><b>user_id</b> - Long - ID of user who tried login attempt. Users are accessible through the /api/config/access/users APIs.</li>
 <li><b>remote_ip</b> - String - The remote IP address that made the login attempt.</li>
 <li><b>attempt_result</b> - Enum - The result of login attempt.</li>
 <li><b>attempt_method</b> - Enum - The method of the login attempt. HTTP_BASIC is for API based HTTP basic, and LOGIN_PAGE is for UI login attempt.</li>
 </ul></p>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<title>Response Sample</title>
<codeblock>
[
    {
        "attempt_method": "String &lt;one of: LOGIN_PAGE, HTTP_BASIC&gt;",
        "attempt_result": "String &lt;one of: SUCCESS, FAILURE&gt;",
        "attempt_time": 42,
        "remote_ip": "String",
        "user_id": 42
    }
]
</codeblock>
</refsyn>
</refbody>
</reference>