<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Reference//EN" "dtd/ibm-reference.dtd">
<reference id="api-17.0--ariel-taggedfields-id-POST" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>POST /ariel/taggedfields/{id}</title>
<shortdesc>Updates a tagged field specified by an id. You must have the ADMIN | SAASADMIN capability to use this endpoint.</shortdesc>
<prolog>
<metadata>
<keywords>
<apiname>/ariel/taggedfields/{id}</apiname>
<keyword>POST</keyword>
<keyword>API</keyword>
<keyword>REST API</keyword>
</keywords>
</metadata>
</prolog>
<refbody>
<refsyn>
<p>Updates a tagged field specified by an id.
 
 You must have the ADMIN | SAASADMIN capability to use this endpoint.</p>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>POST /ariel/taggedfields/{id} resource details</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">POST /ariel/taggedfields/{id} resource details</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="1">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">MIME Type</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>application/json
</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>POST /ariel/taggedfields/{id} request parameter details</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">POST /ariel/taggedfields/{id} request parameter details</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="6">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col2" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col3" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col4" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col5" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col6" colwidth="2*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">Parameter</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Type</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Optionality</entry>
<entry colname="col4">Data Type</entry>
<entry colname="col5">MIME Type</entry>
<entry colname="col6">Description</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>id</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>path</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Required</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>Number (Integer)</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>The ID of the tagged field that you want to update.</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>POST /ariel/taggedfields/{id} request body details</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">POST /ariel/taggedfields/{id} request body details</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="5">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col2" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col3" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col4" colwidth="2*" />
<colspec colname="col5" colwidth="2*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">Parameter</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Data Type</entry>
<entry colname="col3">MIME Type</entry>
<entry colname="col4">Description</entry>
<entry colname="col5">Sample</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>body</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>Object</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>application/json</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>The updated structure for the tagged field. Only the category_id and description fields can be set when updating a tagged field. All other fields are ignored.
 <ul>
 <li><b>category_id</b> - Integer - The ID of the logical group that this tagged field belongs to in the UI.</li>
 <li><b>description</b> - String - (Optional) Description for the tagged field.</li>
 </ul></p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>{
    "category_id": 42,
    "description": "String"
}</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>POST /ariel/taggedfields/{id} response codes</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">POST /ariel/taggedfields/{id} response codes</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="3">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col2" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col3" colwidth="3*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">HTTP Response Code</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Unique Code</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Description</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>200</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p/></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>The tagged field was updated.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>404</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>3000</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>The specified ID does not exist.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>422</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>3001</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>The specified category ID is invalid.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>500</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>1022</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>An error occurred while updating the tagged field.</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<title>Response Description</title>
<p>The updated tagged field with the specified ID. A tagged field object contains the following fields:
 <ul>
 <li><b>id</b> - Long - The ID of the tagged field.</li>
 <li><b>tag</b> - Integer - Unique number for this tagged field. This is a system-generated number produced from the private_enterprise_number and the element_id fields.</li>
 <li><b>name</b> - String - The name of the tagged field.</li>
 <li><b>category_id</b> - Integer - The ID of the logical group that this tagged field belongs to in the UI.</li>
 <li><b>is_array</b> - Boolean - Specifies whether the tagged field is a list.</li>
 <li><b>description</b> - String - (Optional) Description for the tagged field.</li>
 <li><b>type</b> - String - The type of the tagged field. Possible values are: NULL, STRUCT, Byte, Short, Integer, Long, UnsignedByte, UnsignedShort, UnsignedInt, UnsignedLong, BigInteger, Double, Float, Port, Host, HostV4V6, HostV6, MACAddress, String, ByteArray, UnsignedIntHex, Boolean, Binary</li>
 <li><b>uuid</b> - String - The ID for this tagged field, represented as a UUID.</li>
 <li><b>modified_date</b> - Long - The time that the tagged field was last modified, specified in milliseconds since epoch.</li>
 <li><b>creation_date</b> - Long - The time that the tagged field was created, specified in milliseconds since epoch.</li>
 </ul></p>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<title>Response Sample</title>
<codeblock>
{
    "category_id": 42,
    "creation_date": 42,
    "description": "String",
    "id": 42,
    "is_array": true,
    "modified_date": 42,
    "name": "String",
    "tag": 42,
    "type": "String",
    "uuid": "String"
}
</codeblock>
</refsyn>
</refbody>
</reference>