<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Reference//EN" "dtd/ibm-reference.dtd">
<reference id="api-17.0--forensics-case_management-cases-POST" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>POST /forensics/case_management/cases</title>
<shortdesc>Creates a new case.</shortdesc>
<prolog>
<metadata>
<keywords>
<apiname>/forensics/case_management/cases</apiname>
<keyword>POST</keyword>
<keyword>API</keyword>
<keyword>REST API</keyword>
</keywords>
</metadata>
</prolog>
<refbody>
<refsyn>
<p>Creates a new case.</p>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>POST /forensics/case_management/cases resource details</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">POST /forensics/case_management/cases resource details</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="1">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">MIME Type</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>application/json
</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>POST /forensics/case_management/cases request parameter details</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">POST /forensics/case_management/cases request parameter details</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="6">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col2" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col3" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col4" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col5" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col6" colwidth="2*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">Parameter</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Type</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Optionality</entry>
<entry colname="col4">Data Type</entry>
<entry colname="col5">MIME Type</entry>
<entry colname="col6">Description</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>fields</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>header</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Optional</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>String</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>Optional - Use this parameter to specify which fields you would like to get back in the response. Fields that are not named are excluded. Specify subfields in brackets and multiple fields in the same object are separated by commas.</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>POST /forensics/case_management/cases request body details</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">POST /forensics/case_management/cases request body details</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="5">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col2" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col3" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col4" colwidth="2*" />
<colspec colname="col5" colwidth="2*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">Parameter</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Data Type</entry>
<entry colname="col3">MIME Type</entry>
<entry colname="col4">Description</entry>
<entry colname="col5">Sample</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>case</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>Object</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>application/json</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>null</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>{
    "assigned_to": [
        "String"
    ],
    "name": "String"
}</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>POST /forensics/case_management/cases response codes</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">POST /forensics/case_management/cases response codes</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="3">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col2" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col3" colwidth="3*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">HTTP Response Code</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Unique Code</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Description</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>201</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p/></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>The case was created.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>403</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>1009</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>The user or targeted user does not have the capability to perform this request.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>422</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>1005</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>A request parameter is not valid.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>500</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>1020</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>An error occurred during the creation of the case.</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<title>Response Description</title>
<p>The case create status contains the following fields:
 <ul>
 <li><b>assigned_to</b> - String Array - Usernames of users to give access to the case once it is created.  Users must have the FORENSICS role.  Authorized services are not allowed.  If the case is not assign to anyone, it is assigned to the creator if they are a user (not authorized service). Otherwise, it is only accessible by an administrator. NOTE: During creation the assigned_to list can contain at most one username.</li>
 <li><b>case_id</b> - Long - ID for the created case.</li>
 <li><b>case_name</b> - String - Name to give the created case. The case name must include alphanumeric characters only, and be 1-15 characters long with no spaces. Case names are unique.</li>
 <li><b>id</b> - Long - ID for the case create task.</li>
 <li><b>status</b> - String - Possible values are:<ul>
<li><b>COMPLETE</b> - The case has been created across all managed hosts.</li>
<li><b>PARTIALLY_COMPLETE</b> - The case has been created on at least one managed host, but not all
of them. The case is considered to be usable, but functionality might be limited. This usually means
one or more managed hosts are down and the case is not created yet. The task completes after all
offending managed hosts either complete the task or are removed from the deployment.</li>
<li><b>PROCESSING</b> - The task was picked up by QRadar and is actively being processed. Cases are
being created on the managed hosts.</li>
<li><b>WAITING</b> - The task is waiting for its time to be processed. Nothing is being done at this
time.</li>
</ul></li>
 </ul></p>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<title>Response Sample</title>
<codeblock>
{
    "assigned_to": [
        "String"
    ],
    "case_id": 42,
    "id": 42,
    "name": "String",
    "state": "String &lt;one of: COMPLETE, PARTIALLY_COMPLETE, PROCESSING, WAITING&gt;"
}
</codeblock>
</refsyn>
</refbody>
</reference>