<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Reference//EN" "dtd/ibm-reference.dtd">
<reference id="api-17.0--config-event_sources-custom_properties-property_calculated_expressions-GET" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>GET /config/event_sources/custom_properties/property_calculated_expressions</title>
<shortdesc>Gets the list of Custom Property Calculated Expressions. Requires the System Administrator, Security Admin or User Defined Event Properties permission.</shortdesc>
<prolog>
<metadata>
<keywords>
<apiname>/config/event_sources/custom_properties/property_calculated_expressions</apiname>
<keyword>GET</keyword>
<keyword>API</keyword>
<keyword>REST API</keyword>
</keywords>
</metadata>
</prolog>
<refbody>
<refsyn>
<p>Gets the list of Custom Property Calculated Expressions. Requires the System Administrator, Security Admin or User Defined Event Properties permission.</p>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>GET /config/event_sources/custom_properties/property_calculated_expressions resource details</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">GET /config/event_sources/custom_properties/property_calculated_expressions resource details</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="1">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">MIME Type</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>application/json
</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>GET /config/event_sources/custom_properties/property_calculated_expressions request parameter details</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">GET /config/event_sources/custom_properties/property_calculated_expressions request parameter details</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="6">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col2" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col3" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col4" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col5" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col6" colwidth="2*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">Parameter</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Type</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Optionality</entry>
<entry colname="col4">Data Type</entry>
<entry colname="col5">MIME Type</entry>
<entry colname="col6">Description</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>Range</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>header</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Optional</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>String</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>Optional - Use this parameter to restrict the number of elements that are returned in the list to a specified range. The list is indexed starting at zero.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>filter</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>query</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Optional</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>String</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>Optional - This parameter is used to restrict the elements in a list base on the contents of various fields.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>fields</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>query</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Optional</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>String</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>Optional - Use this parameter to specify which fields you would like to get back in the response. Fields that are not named are excluded. Specify subfields in brackets and multiple fields in the same object are separated by commas.</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>GET /config/event_sources/custom_properties/property_calculated_expressions response codes</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">GET /config/event_sources/custom_properties/property_calculated_expressions response codes</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="3">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col2" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col3" colwidth="3*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">HTTP Response Code</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Unique Code</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Description</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>200</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p/></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>The requested list of Calculated expressions was retrieved.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>422</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>1010</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>An error occurred while building the filter.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>500</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>1020</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>An error occurred during the attempt to retrieve the list of Calculated expressions.</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<title>Response Description</title>
<p>A list of Calculated expressions. Each Calculated expression contains the
         following fields:
         <ul>
         <li><b>id</b> - Integer - The sequence ID of the Calculated expression.</li>
         <li><b>identifier</b> - String - The unique ID of the Calculated expression. This value is in the form of a UUID.</li>
         <li><b>regex_property_identifier</b> - String - The identifier of the event regex property to which this expression belongs.</li>
         <li><b>enabled</b> - Boolean - Flag that indicates whether this expression is enabled.</li>
         <li><b>first_operand</b> - Operand Object - An <b>operand object</b> describing the first operand in the expression.</li>
         <li><b>second_operand</b> - Operand Object - An <b>operand object</b> describing the second operand in the expression.</li>
         <li><b>operator</b> - String - A string that represents one of the basic arithmetic operations in the expression.</li>
         <li><b>creation_date</b> - Long - The epoch timestamp in milliseconds of the time the expression was created.</li>
         <li><b>modification_date</b> - Long - The epoch timestamp in milliseconds of the time the expression was last modified.</li>
         <li><b>payload</b> - String - Test payload. This parameter is only used in the UI so that you can verify that your expression matches the expected payload.</li>
         <li><b>log_source_type_id</b> - Integer - The expression is only applied to events for this log source type.</li>
         <li><b>log_source_id</b> - Integer - The expression is only applied to events for this log source (more specific than type alone). </li>
         <li><b>qid</b> - Integer - The expression is only applied to events associated with this QID record. </li>
         <li><b>low_level_category_id</b> - Integer - The expression is only applied to events with this low level category. </li>
         <li><b>username</b> - String - The owner of the Calculated expression.</li>
         </ul>

         An <b>operand object</b> contains the following fields:
         <ul>
         <li><b>type</b> - String - can be "STATIC" (for numeric operand) or "PROPERTY" (for operand that is a property).</li>
         <li><b>numeric_value</b> - Number - when property_type is "STATIC", this is the value of the operand; otherwise, it is suppressed. </li>
         <li><b>property_name</b> - String - when property_type is "PROPERTY", this is the name of the property that is being used as the operand; otherwise, it is suppressed.  </li>
         </ul></p>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<title>Response Sample</title>
<codeblock>
[
    {
        "creation_date": 42,
        "enabled": true,
        "first_operand": {
            "numeric_value": 42.5,
            "property_name": "String",
            "type": "String &lt;one of: STATIC, PROPERTY&gt;"
        },
        "id": 42,
        "identifier": "String",
        "log_source_id": 42,
        "log_source_type_id": 42,
        "low_level_category_id": 42,
        "modification_date": 42,
        "operator": "String &lt;one of: ADD, SUBTRACT, MULTIPLY, DIVIDE&gt;",
        "payload": "String",
        "qid": 42,
        "regex_property_identifier": "String",
        "second_operand": {
            "numeric_value": 42.5,
            "property_name": "String",
            "type": "String &lt;one of: STATIC, PROPERTY&gt;"
        },
        "username": "String"
    }
]
</codeblock>
</refsyn>
</refbody>
</reference>