<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Reference//EN" "dtd/ibm-reference.dtd">
<reference id="api-17.0--bandwidth_manager-configurations-id-GET" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>GET /bandwidth_manager/configurations/{id}</title>
<shortdesc>Retrieves a configuration.</shortdesc>
<prolog>
<metadata>
<keywords>
<apiname>/bandwidth_manager/configurations/{id}</apiname>
<keyword>GET</keyword>
<keyword>API</keyword>
<keyword>REST API</keyword>
</keywords>
</metadata>
</prolog>
<refbody>
<refsyn>
<p>Retrieves a configuration.</p>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>GET /bandwidth_manager/configurations/{id} resource details</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">GET /bandwidth_manager/configurations/{id} resource details</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="1">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">MIME Type</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>application/json
</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>GET /bandwidth_manager/configurations/{id} request parameter details</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">GET /bandwidth_manager/configurations/{id} request parameter details</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="6">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col2" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col3" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col4" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col5" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col6" colwidth="2*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">Parameter</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Type</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Optionality</entry>
<entry colname="col4">Data Type</entry>
<entry colname="col5">MIME Type</entry>
<entry colname="col6">Description</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>id</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>path</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Required</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>Number (Integer)</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>null</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>fields</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>query</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Optional</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>String</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>Optional - Use this parameter to specify which fields you would like to get back in the response. Fields that are not named are excluded. Specify subfields in brackets and multiple fields in the same object are separated by commas.</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>GET /bandwidth_manager/configurations/{id} response codes</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">GET /bandwidth_manager/configurations/{id} response codes</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="3">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col2" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col3" colwidth="3*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">HTTP Response Code</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Unique Code</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Description</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>200</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p/></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>The configuration was retrieved.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>404</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>1002</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>The configuration does not exist.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>500</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>1020</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>An error occurred during the attempt to retrieve the configuration.</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<title>Response Description</title>
<p>The configuration after it is retrieved. A configuration object contains the following fields:
 <ul>
 <li><b>Id</b> - Long - The ID that is automatically generated for the configuration. The ID is unique for each configuration that is created.</li>
 <li><b>name</b> - String - The name of the configuration.</li>
 <li><b>host_id</b> - Long - The ID of the managed host for the configuration. If the ID is null, the configuration applies to all hosts in the deployment.</li>
 <li><b>device_name</b> - String - The network device for the configuration.If the name is null, the configuration applies to all devices.</li>
 <li><b>kb_limit</b> - Long - The bandwidth limit for the configuration in kilobytes/sec.</li>
 <li><b>created_by</b> - String - The created_by field is automatically populated with USER, QRADAR-SAF, QRADAR-SF or QRADAR-AQS-PRIO.</li>
 </ul></p>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<title>Response Sample</title>
<codeblock>
{
    "created_by": "String",
    "device_name": "String",
    "host_id": 42,
    "hostname": "String",
    "id": 42,
    "kb_limit": 42,
    "name": "String"
}
</codeblock>
</refsyn>
</refbody>
</reference>