<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Reference//EN" "dtd/ibm-reference.dtd">
<reference id="api-17.0--reference_data-tables-GET" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>GET /reference_data/tables</title>
<shortdesc>Retrieve a list of all reference tables.</shortdesc>
<prolog>
<metadata>
<keywords>
<apiname>/reference_data/tables</apiname>
<keyword>GET</keyword>
<keyword>API</keyword>
<keyword>REST API</keyword>
</keywords>
</metadata>
</prolog>
<refbody>
<refsyn>
<p>Retrieve a list of all reference tables.</p>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>GET /reference_data/tables resource details</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">GET /reference_data/tables resource details</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="1">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">MIME Type</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>application/json
</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>GET /reference_data/tables request parameter details</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">GET /reference_data/tables request parameter details</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="6">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col2" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col3" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col4" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col5" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col6" colwidth="2*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">Parameter</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Type</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Optionality</entry>
<entry colname="col4">Data Type</entry>
<entry colname="col5">MIME Type</entry>
<entry colname="col6">Description</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>Range</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>header</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Optional</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>String</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>Optional - Use this parameter to restrict the number of elements that are returned in the list to a specified range. The list is indexed starting at zero.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>fields</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>query</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Optional</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>String</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>Optional - Use this parameter to specify which fields you would like to get back in the response. Fields that are not named are excluded. Specify subfields in brackets and multiple fields in the same object are separated by commas.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>filter</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>query</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Optional</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>String</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>Optional - This parameter is used to restrict the elements in a list base on the contents of various fields.</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>GET /reference_data/tables response codes</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">GET /reference_data/tables response codes</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="3">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col2" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col3" colwidth="3*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">HTTP Response Code</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Unique Code</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Description</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>200</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p/></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>The reference table list has been retrieved</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>500</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>1020</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>An error occurred while attempting to retrieve all of the reference tables</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<title>Response Description</title>
<p>A list of all of the reference tables. This returns information about the tables but not the contained data.</p>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<title>Response Sample</title>
<codeblock>
[
    {
        "collection_id": 42,
        "creation_time": 42,
        "element_type": "String &lt;one of: ALN, NUM, IP, PORT, ALNIC, DATE&gt;",
        "key_label": "String",
        "key_name_types": {
            "String": "String &lt;one of: ALN, NUM, IP, PORT, ALNIC, DATE&gt;"
        },
        "name": "String",
        "namespace": "String &lt;one of: PRIVATE, SHARED, TENANT&gt;",
        "number_of_elements": 42,
        "time_to_live": "String",
        "timeout_type": "String &lt;one of: UNKNOWN, FIRST_SEEN, LAST_SEEN&gt;"
    }
]
</codeblock>
</refsyn>
</refbody>
</reference>