<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Reference//EN" "dtd/ibm-reference.dtd">
<reference id="api-17.0--qni-hosts-host_id-configs-GET" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>GET /qni/hosts/{host_id}/configs</title>
<shortdesc>Retrieves a list of QNI configurations. The list contains a single configuration.</shortdesc>
<prolog>
<metadata>
<keywords>
<apiname>/qni/hosts/{host_id}/configs</apiname>
<keyword>GET</keyword>
<keyword>API</keyword>
<keyword>REST API</keyword>
</keywords>
</metadata>
</prolog>
<refbody>
<refsyn>
<p>Retrieves a list of QNI configurations. The list contains a single configuration.</p>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>GET /qni/hosts/{host_id}/configs resource details</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">GET /qni/hosts/{host_id}/configs resource details</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="1">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">MIME Type</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>application/json
</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>GET /qni/hosts/{host_id}/configs request parameter details</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">GET /qni/hosts/{host_id}/configs request parameter details</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="6">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col2" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col3" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col4" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col5" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col6" colwidth="2*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">Parameter</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Type</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Optionality</entry>
<entry colname="col4">Data Type</entry>
<entry colname="col5">MIME Type</entry>
<entry colname="col6">Description</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>host_id</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>path</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Required</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>Number (Integer)</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>Long The ID of the QNI host.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>Range</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>header</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Optional</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>String</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>Optional - Use this parameter to restrict the number of elements that are returned in the list to a specified range. The list is indexed starting at zero.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>filter</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>query</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Optional</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>String</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>Optional - This parameter is used to restrict the elements in a list base on the contents of various fields.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>fields</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>query</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Optional</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>String</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>text/plain</p></entry>
<entry colname="col6"><p>Optional - Use this parameter to specify which fields you would like to get back in the response. Fields that are not named are excluded. Specify subfields in brackets and multiple fields in the same object are separated by commas.</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<table pgwide="0">
<title>GET /qni/hosts/{host_id}/configs response codes</title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary">GET /qni/hosts/{host_id}/configs response codes</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="3">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col2" colwidth="1*" />
<colspec colname="col3" colwidth="3*" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">HTTP Response Code</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Unique Code</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Description</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>200</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p/></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>QNI Configuration has been successfully retrieved.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>404</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>44001</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>The QNI host ID does not exist.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>422</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>44020</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>The QNI host ID is less than or equal to 0.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>500</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>44010</p></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>An internal server error occurred while processing a request.</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<title>Response Description</title>
<p>An array containing a single QNI Configuration object. This is the current configuration of a QNI host.
 <ul>
 		<li><b>id</b> - Number - ID of the QNI configuration. Always equals 1 because QNI host has only one configuration.</li>
 		<li><b>host_id</b> - Number - ID of the QNI host.</li>
 		<li><b>inspection_level</b> - Enumeration - Depth of content inspection. The possible values are:<ul>
<li><i>BASIC</i> - Lowest level of inspection. Flows are detected by 5-tuple, and the number of
bytes and packets that are flowing in each direction are counted.</li>
<li><i>ENRICHED</i> - Each flow is identified and inspected by one of the protocol or domain
inspectors. The inspection can generate many kinds of attributes.</li>
<li><i>ADVANCED</i> - The highest level of inspection. It does everything that the Enriched Flows
levels does, but it also scans and inspects the content of the files that it finds.</li>
<li><i>DEFAULT</i> - The QNI host uses the globally-set inspection level setting.</li>
</ul></li>
 		<li><b>raw_payload</b> - Long - The maximum amount of data (bytes) that the QFlow Collector is
set to capture and retain in the flow payload. Possible values are:<ul>
<li>-1: The QNI host is set to use the globally-set raw payload setting.</li>
<li>0: Turn the payload off.</li>
<li>1 - 32768: The number of bytes.</li>
</ul></li>
 		<li><b>ports</b> - Array - Array of configured network card ports. Each port has the following fields:
 			<ul>
 				<li><b>port_id</b> - Number - The ID of the port.</li>
 				<li><b>type</b> - Enumeration - The mode that the port is used in. The possible values are <i>RECEIVE</i>, <i>TRANSMIT</i>. <i>RECEIVE</i> type indicates the port is configured to receive traffic. <i>TRANSMIT</i> type indicates the port is transmitting traffic duplicated from another port.</li>
 				<li><b>source_port_id</b> - Number - The ID of the port the that re-transmits the traffic. Only populated if port type is <i>TRANSMIT</i>.</li>
 			</ul>
 		</li>
 </ul></p>
</refsyn>
<refsyn>
<title>Response Sample</title>
<codeblock>
[
    {
        "host_id": 42,
        "id": 42,
        "inspection_level": "String &lt;one of: BASIC, ADVANCED, ENRICHED, DEFAULT&gt;",
        "ports": [
            {
                "id": 42,
                "source_port_id": 42,
                "type": "String &lt;one of: RECEIVE, TRANSMIT&gt;"
            }
        ],
        "raw_payload": 42
    }
]
</codeblock>
</refsyn>
</refbody>
</reference>